Thematic Research
Thematic industry research based on proprietary analytics from CFRA
Kenneth Leon
cservices@cfraresearch.com
Private Credit: Hyperscaler Market Risk Exposure
Key Takeaways
▪ Private Credit has benefited from the burgeoning demand to Positive (+) or Negative (-) Implications
fund AI infrastructure in recent years.
(+) Brookfield Asset Management (BAM)
▪ In a short period, there has been a debt surge that may
impact how creditworthy hyperscalers are given recession (-) Apollo Global Management (APO)
risk.
(-) Ares Management (ARES)
▪ We want to examine the hyperscaler impact on private credit
and potential concentration risks to private credit funds. (-) Blackstone Inc. (BX)
▪ There are broader risks/rewards for alternative asset (-) Blue Owl Capital Inc. (OWL)
management (ALT) firms in financing power, transmission,
(-) KKR & Co. Inc. (KKR)
and AI infrastructure-related areas.
▪ The leading firms with private credit concentration are APO, ARES, and OWL, while more diversified
firms like BAM, BX, and KKR have significant private credit exposure. We see some dispersion on
how each ALT firm is positioned for AI-related opportunities and private credit loan exposure.
Fundamental Context
We think the unparalleled investments in AI infrastructure may come with credit risks. A hyperscaler is a
large-scale cloud service provider that operates massive, globally distributed data centers capable of rapidly
scaling computing, storage, and networking resources to meet enormous demand. Some of the core
characteristics are a 5,000+ server minimum, 10,000+ square feet of data center space, and the ability to
serve millions to even billions of users simultaneously. We further define hyperscalers as having these
technical capabilities: (1) elastic scaling to instantly add or reduce resources based on demand; (2) a global
footprint with multiple data centers across regions/continents; (3) distributed architecture with up to millions
of physical servers networked globally; and (4) multi-tenancy to serve many customers on shared
infrastructure.
How should we think of hyperscalers from a credit perspective? Four hyperscalers control 60%+ of
global AI capital expenditures: namely, Amazon, Google/Alphabet, Meta, and Microsoft. Amazon has Amazon
Web Services (AWS) with 30% global market share. Microsoft Azure holds 30% global market share, and
Google Cloud Platform (GCP) has 12% global market share. Sometimes Oracle Cloud’s database/enterprise
applications are included among the hyperscalers, but the company’s profile is different. So, there is
concentration risk (and in Anthropic’s case, structural risk) if there is any pivot away from a massive buildout
or if massive overcapacity concerns arise. A second-tier group investing heavily in AI infrastructure includes
other cloud providers like IBM Cloud, with its enterprise/hybrid cloud focus, and Alibaba Cloud and Tencent
Cloud, which are focused on Asia-Pacific dominance.
Hyperscalers should have lower credit risk. We believe each company has diversified internal demand and
cloud services, internal platforms to generate revenue, and a multi-decade track record of data center operations.
We classify Meta as a hyperscaler, even though it is not a leading cloud center provider, because the company
has a massive global data center infrastructure; serves 3 billion+ users across Facebook, Instagram, and
WhatsApp; is building internal infrastructure with Llama models and custom MTIA chips; is investing $115 billion to
$135 billion in capital spending in 2026; and is committed to multiple gigabit-scale facilities like the Prometheus, 1
GW, Hyperion, and 5 GW AI data centers. So, the four global hyperscalers have capex plans to support their own
trillion-dollar businesses, cloud businesses, and revenue to cushion capex risk.
Thematic Research March 26, 2026 1

From a private credit perspective, we believe there is risk stratification depending on classification
accuracy. The emerging/specialized hyperscaler market is estimated to be anywhere from 17% to 30% of
the expected total addressable market in 2026. This second-tier group may see faster growth due to
regional advantages (Alibaba Cloud and Tencent Cloud in China), and niche enterprise positioning (IBM for
hybrid cloud platform). The cash flows of Alibaba Group and Tencent Cloud demonstrate their self-funded
status, while IBM has investment-grade corporate bonds as a primary funding source and selective private
credit for specific projects. Oracle has mostly a single-tenant model with OpenAI, which is relying on
Microsoft Azure and Oracle Cloud. This includes a $300 billion commitment to Oracle for leased AI
infrastructure, not building or owning it. We think private credit lenders to Oracle may be taking on added
risks with the future leased rents coming from OpenAI future revenues. We see higher execution risk for
Oracle’s customer concentration with OpenAI using an infrastructure-for-hire model. OpenAI is not yet a
profitable company in 2026.
Table 1: Illustration of Hyperscaler Capex and Private Credit Exposure*
Hyperscaler Total Capex Private Credit Portions % Private Credit
Meta $115B-$135B $50B-$60B 40%-45%
Amazon $150B-$200B $40B-$50B 25%-27%
Microsoft $110B-$120B $30B-$40B 28%-33%
Google/Alphabet $175B-$185B $25B-$35B 14%-19%
Oracle $50B-$60B $35B-$45B 60%-75%
Total $600B-$700B $180B-$230B 38%-41%
Source: CFRA. *2026 estimates.
Hyperscaler capex and private credit portions have been changing frequently, as seen in Table 1. Private
credit loans vary by size of deal and loan purpose. Mega-deals greater than $10 billion in private credit
include Meta or Oracle infrastructure programs, syndicated across multiple private credit funds, and three-
to five-year deployment horizons. Large deals ($1 billion-$10 billion) include mostly regional data center
clusters, power plant buildouts, or GPU acquisition facilities. And finally, mid-market deals ($100 million-$1
billion) include single-site data centers, behind-the-meter power solutions, or transmission infrastructure
upgrades.
Figure 1: Private Credit Markets – Loan Structure Characteristics, Types, and Deal Sizes
Direct Corporate Loans
▪ $80B-$100B market estimate in 2026
▪ Senior secured facilities
▪ Term loans to fund capex
▪ Traditional bank syndications + private credit clubs
Off-Balance Sheet Special Purpose Vehicle (SPV) and Joint Venture Financing
▪ $150B-$200B market estimate in 2026
▪ Senior secured facilities
▪ Term loans to fund capex
▪ Traditional bank syndications + private credit clubs
Power & Transmission Infrastructure
▪ $50B-$70B market estimate in 2026
▪ Behind-the-meter generation
▪ Grid interconnection upgrade costs
▪ Dedicated transmission lines
Equipment Financing
▪ $30B-$50B market estimate in 2026
▪ GPU purchase financing
▪ Networking equipment
▪ Cooling/electrical systems
Source : CFRA.
Thematic Research March 26, 2026 2

What is 2026 pricing for private credit loans on AI-financed deals? We know investment-grade
hyperscalers (Alphabet, Amazon, etc.) will receive better credit terms than lower-rated, higher-risk
companies borrowing to build AI infrastructure (OpenAI-backed).
Table 2: Pricing for Private Credit Loans
Lower-Rated, Higher-Risk
Private Credit Loan Terms Investment Grade Hyperscalers
Borrowers
Spreads +150-250 basis points over SOFR +400-600 basis points over SOFR
Terms 7-15 years 5-10 years
Leverage 50%-60% loan-to-value 60%-70% loan-to-value
Equity required Usually not required Equity co-investment required
Source: CFRA.
We see some key trends that may impact private credit volumes. Based on our observations in 2025, we
think accelerating factors affecting private credit volumes in 2026 may be if banks retreat when they cannot
handle $50 billion-$100 billion single-project scale loans. Private credit can deploy loans faster than banks or
public financing (in six to 12 months versus three to five years). We know hyperscalers want to keep massive
debt off their balance sheet, which private credit can do effectively in structuring the loan. Also, private credit
offers flexible loan structures that can be on bespoke terms, matching irregular cash flows.
What factors may prevent hyperscalers from accessing the private credit market? One answer is
concentration risk, whereby the ALT firms may limit hyperscale loan exposure to 10%-15% of their portfolios.
Furthermore, technological obsolescence may create hesitation among the ALT firms, as some areas such
as GPUs have only five to seven years’ useful life. Private credit firms may also balk at the execution risk
inherent to a project with a three- to four-year development period, which may have multiple potential failure
points. Finally, we may see increased federal regulatory oversight on the private credit market given
concerns around “shadow borrowing.”
We think there are some other broader questions and risks to attend to, such as whether ALT firms can
prove an ROI on $2 trillion cumulative capex by hyperscalers, the timeliness of power grid capacity
expansion, continued investor appetite despite concentration risks, and the possibility of a black swan event
with a major hyperscaler in trouble (especially Oracle/OpenAI). In short, it seems as if the “easy money”
phase of hyperscaler lending is over, and more selectivity is required.
The capital expenditure plans for each of the hyperscaler companies seeking funding from private credit
lenders have risen sizably in the last 12 months. We think hyperscalers are seeing a structural shift to no
longer be asset-light growth franchises and instead become capital-intensive infrastructure businesses,
where capex and free cash flow (FCF) receive more investor attention. Some of the hyperscalers may have
negative FCF in 2027 and 2028, which is a stark contrast to these firms being cash flow machines in the
past decade. At least for 2026, we think all hyperscalers will easily maintain their investment-grade ratings,
keep their strong liquidity buffers intact, and generate significant cash from operations through their
operating businesses. Private credit lenders like BAM primarily focus on power/transmission for AI
infrastructure rather than bear concentration risk directly with hyperscaler lending, in our view.
A recession could hurt the operating fundamentals of the private credit borrowers, thereby negatively
affecting their operating cash flow and the free cash flow that supports credit payments. A bear market
could decrease the market value of debt instruments or investments held in private credit funds or
significantly reduce market liquidity. Given geopolitical risks such as the Iran-U.S. conflict, we have seen
economists raise the probability of a U.S. recession to 20%-30%, with a potential global recession in the
next 12 months. Thus, we have mapped out what we think the impact will be on private credit AI
infrastructure loans. An AI-specific crisis amid a recession scenario may be the most harmful, whereby the
underlying AI infrastructure may be worth less than first planned with sizable capital investments.
Thematic Research March 26, 2026 3

“History does not repeat itself, but it rhymes.” In the base-case recession, the telecom bubble (2000-
2002) with a $500 billion buildout was triggered by the dot-com crash and a mild 2001 recession that led to
the bankruptcies of WorldCom, Global Crossing, and Adelphia. Private credit/debt recovery was 20-40 cents
on the dollar. The Great Financial Crisis led to a severe recession in 2008-2009, when there was a $50
billion traditional data center buildout and massive overcapacity with greater than 30% vacancy rates. REIT
stocks like Digital Realty and Equinix collapsed 60%-80%, and recovery took three to four years.
Table 3: Impact on AI Infrastructure Loans with Recession – Scenario Analysis
Base Case Recession Severe Recession AI-Specific Crisis and
Economic Indicators (Mild, 2001-style) (2008-style) Recession
AI monetization fails with
GDP contraction -1% to -2% -4% to -5%
economic downturn
Tech shifts away from
Duration 6-9 months 18 months
current architecture
Private credit loan AI
5%-10% of AUM 15%-25% of AUM 25%-40% of AUM
infrastructure losses
Loan recovery rates 60-80 cents on dollar 40-60 cents on dollar 20-50 cents on dollar
Potential sizable loss
Timeline for resolution 18-24 months to resolution 3-5 years to resolution
outcomes possible
Source: CFRA.
The worst-case outcome of a severe recession could be the collapse of OpenAI. In such a scenario,
Oracle may have a $60 billion annual revenue commitment shortfall and could be downgraded to junk status.
Private credit fund gate redemptions may break with investor panic on a failed AI-specific crisis. Banks would
then likely pull funding credit lines to the ALT firms or BDC funds that represent private credit. Another risk
pertains to GPU/compute hardware witnessing a rapid obsolescence of less than five-seven years’ expected
life. Data center collateral recovery could subsequently face a doomsday scenario with loan recovery rates
of 10-30 cents on the dollar.
Table 4: Private Credit Portfolio Has a Recession Correlation Problem
Exposure Type % of Portfolio Recession Correlation
AI infrastructure loans 10%-15% 1.0 (all move together)
Software company loans 15%-20% 0.9 (AI disruption + recession)
Hyperscaler corporate debt 5%-10% 0.95 (interconnected)
Total AI sensitivity 30%-45% Near-perfect correlation
Source: CFRA.
The disruption thesis has been widely discussed, but we think doomsday outcomes are unlikely. Central
to the bear case is the risk that OpenAI will be unable to realize positive cash flows in 2028-2030 and repay
its creditors. Asset specificity can be viewed as risky to data centers built to OpenAI specs, which may have
low salvage value. We think OpenAI (and Oracle as its AI hyperscaler) see execution risk to their three- to
four-year build timeline. In severe recessions, we could see forced capacity curtailments and stranded AI
infrastructure. Private credit lenders could end up holding assets that cannot operate or have low resale
value.
Thematic Research March 26, 2026 4

Table 5: Private Credit Managers (ALT Firms) See Share Price Volatility and Declines
Share Price YTD Private Credit AUM
ALT Manager Ticker (as of March 24, 2026) ($ billions)
Apollo Global Mgt. APO -23.7% 749
Ares Management ARES -33.7% 407
Blackstone BX -29.1% 443
Blue Owl Capital Inc. OWL -39.2% 158
Brookfield Asset Mgt. BAM -17.8% 363
KKR & Co, Inc. KKR -28.7% 276
iShares Software ETF IGV -24.0% N/A
Nasdaq QQQ QQQ -4.8% N/A
S&P 500 SPY -4.2% N/A
Source: CFRA, share prices as of March 24, 2026.
Risk Factors
Private credit faces many risks that range from their fund portfolios to investor redemptions. The broader
risks are a major downturn in the investment cycle, lower fundraising, poor fund performance results, and
difficulty valuing fund assets.
Recession could hurt the operating fundamentals of the corporate borrowers, thereby negatively affecting
operating cash flow that supports credit payments. A bear market could decrease the market value of debt
instruments or investments held in private credit funds or significantly reduce market liquidity. Given
geopolitical risks such as the Iran-U.S. conflict, we have seen economists raise the probability of a U.S.
recession and perhaps a global recession in the next six months.
Company Implications
Ares Management Corporation (ARES 106 ****) has limited exposure to direct hyperscaler loans. The firm
announced a $2.4 billion debt facility for Vantage Data Centers in Northern Virginia with ARES holding $1.6
billion of the commitment and funding $330 million at closing. The end customers of this project are
hyperscalers, and the portfolio comprises 17 campuses with 4+ GW data capacity across North America. It
appears ARES is positioned to earn private credit spreads on lower-rated but well-secured borrowers rather
than the investment grade hyperscalers. Our target price is $160, using a forward P/E of 25.0x compared to
the five-year historical average at 27.0x.
Apollo Global Management (APO 111 ****) has the largest private credit franchise based on AUM. The
disclosed private credit transactions are with all four hyperscalers. APO’s infrastructure financing with Meta
is structured as off balance sheet SPVs for data centers. Estimated APO’s share is $15 billion-$20 billion in
financing in the last 18 months. The estimated $8 billion-$12 billion financing for Amazon AWS infrastructure
is for behind-the-meter power solutions and data center facilities, structured as project finance with AWS as
the anchor tenant. Similar deals are with the Microsoft/OpenAI ecosystem and Alphabet/Google Cloud. Our
target price is $165, which reflects a forward P/E of 17.4x, compared to the three-year historical average of
16.3x with lower historical growth rates.
Blackstone Inc. (BX 108 *****) has not announced any recent private credit financing with hyperscalers in
size. The firm does invest directly in infrastructure, including data centers. BX has one of the highest
concentrations of technology private credit loans with its BCRED portfolio, a business development
company (BDC). Our target price is $185, which is a narrower equity risk premium and a forward P/E of
27.6x on our 2026 distributable earnings (DE) estimate vs. the five-year historical average of 25.0x.
Thematic Research March 26, 2026 5

Brookfield Asset Management Ltd. (BAM 43 ****) is one of the world’s largest ALT firms. A $100 billion AI
infrastructure program was announced in 2025 to provide private credit to AI companies (not hyperscalers
directly). BAM is mostly focused on long-life, high-quality real assets with cash flows under enterprise
customer contracts. The firm has several businesses in credit strategies: 1) Oaktree, which BAM acquired
100% of in 2025 and invests in distressed debt, high-yield bonds, convertible bonds, European credit, and
strategic credit; 2) Brookfield Credit, which invests or lends in infrastructure debt, real estate debt, asset-
backed finance, and opportunistic credit; and 3) Brookfield Lending Partners, which directly lends to
Brookfield’s private equity companies that are mostly industrials/infrastructure. Our target price is $60,
applying forward P/E of 33.3x compared to the three-year historical average at 30.2x.
KKR & Co. Inc. (KKR 91 ****) is focused on financing the AI infrastructure buildout (data centers, power
generation, equipment) that serves hyperscalers, with private credit as one capability. We are seeing a more
diversified effort to lend and invest in power and transmission to support the AI buildout. KKR is generally
seeking to do private credit loans to infrastructure developers, not directly to the hyperscalers. Our target
price is $130, using a narrower equity risk premium to capture worries about future fund performance and a
forward P/E of 19.0x, in line with the five-year historical average.
Blue Owl Capital Inc. (OWL 9 ****) closed its largest private credit transaction with Meta in October 2025.
Total financing is $30 billion that includes $27 billion in debt and $2.5 billion in equity. The Meta Hyperion
Data Center in Louisiana will be owned 20% by Meta and 80% by OWL. The debt rating is A+, and the
maturity date is 2049 for a fully amortized loan. Completion is expected by 2029 of 4 million sq. ft. and 2-5
GW power capacity. Our target price is $20, using a forward P/E of 20.0x, compared to the five-year
historical average of 22.2x.
Relative Performance
31.00%
11.00%
-9.00%
-29.00%
-49.00%
-69.00%
Apollo Global Management, Inc. (NYSE:APO) - Share Pricing
Ares Management Corporation (NYSE:ARES) - Share Pricing
Blue Owl Capital Inc. (NYSE:OWL) - Share Pricing
Blackstone Inc. (NYSE:BX) - Share Pricing
KKR & Co. Inc. (NYSE:KKR) - Share Pricing
Brookfield Asset Management Ltd. (TSX:BAM) - Share Pricing
Source: CFRA, S&P Global Market Intelligence.
Thematic Research March 26, 2026 6

Contact CFRA
977 Seminole Trail, PMB 230
Charlottesville, VA 22901-2824
USA
P: +1-800-220-0502
cservices@cfraresearch.com
www.cfraresearch.com
Disclosures
Stocks are ranked in accordance with the following ranking methodologies:
STARS Stock Reports
Qualitative STARS recommendations are determined and assigned by equity analysts. For reports containing STARS recommendations
refer to the Glossary section of the report for detailed methodology and the definition of STARS rankings.
Quantitative Stock Reports
Quantitative recommendations are determined by ranking a universe of common stocks based on 5 measures or model categories:
Valuation, Quality, Growth, Street Sentiment, and Price Momentum. In the U.S., a sixth sub-category for Financial Health will also be
displayed. Percentile scores are used to compare each company to all other companies in the same universe for each model category.
The five (six) model category scores are then weighted and rolled up into a single percentile ranking for that company. For reports
containing quantitative recommendations refer to the Glossary section of the report for detailed methodology and the definition of
Quantitative rankings.
STARS Stock Reports and Quantitative Stock Reports
The methodologies used in STARS Stock Reports and Quantitative Stock Reports (collectively, the "Research Reports") reflect
different criteria, assumptions and analytical methods and may have differing recommendations. The methodologies and data used to
generate the different types of Research Reports are believed by the author and distributor reasonable and appropriate. Generally,
CFRA does not generate reports with different ranking methodologies for the same issuer. However, in the event that different
methodologies or data are used on the analysis of an issuer, the methodologies may lead to different views or recommendations on the
issuer, which may at times result in contradicting assessments of an issuer. CFRA reserves the right to alter, replace or vary models,
methodologies, or assumptions from time to time and without notice to clients.
Analyst Certification
STARS Stock Reports are prepared by the equity research analysts of CFRA and its affiliates and subsidiaries. All of the views
expressed in STARS Stock Reports accurately reflect the research analyst's personal views regarding any and all of the subject
securities or issuers. Analysts generally update stock reports at least four times each year. No part of analyst, CFRA, or its affiliates or
subsidiaries compensation was, is, or will be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views expressed in a
STARS Stock Report.
About CFRA Equity Research's Distributors
This Research Report is published and originally distributed by Accounting Research & Analytics, LLC d/b/a CFRA (“CFRA US”), with
the following exceptions: In the UK/EU/EEA, it is published and originally distributed by CFRA UK Limited (“CFRA UK”), which is
regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority (No. 775151), and in Malaysia by CFRA MY Sdn Bhd (Company No. 683377-A). These
parties and their subsidiaries maintain no responsibility for reports redistributed by third parties such as brokers or financial advisors.
General Disclosure
Notice to all jurisdictions:
Where Research Reports are made available in a language other than English and in the case of inconsistencies between the English
and translated versions of a Research Report, the English version will control and supersede any ambiguities associated with any part
or section of a Research Report that has been issued in a foreign language. Neither CFRA nor its affiliates guarantee the accuracy of
the translation. The content of this report and the opinions expressed herein are those of CFRA based upon publicly-available
information that CFRA believes to be reliable and the opinions are subject to change without notice. This analysis has not been
submitted to, nor received approval from, the United States Securities and Exchange Commission or any other regulatory body. While
CFRA exercised due care in compiling this analysis, CFRA AND ALL RELATED ENTITIES SPECIFICALLY DISCLAIM ALL
WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, to the full extent permitted by law, regarding the accuracy, completeness, or usefulness of this
information and assumes no liability with respect to the consequences of relying on this information for investment or other purposes.
No content (including ratings, credit-related analyses and data, valuations, model, software or other application or output therefrom) or
any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered, reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a
database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission of CFRA. The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
Thematic Research March 26, 2026 7

unauthorized purposes. CFRA and any third-party providers, as well as their directors, officers, shareholders, employees, or agents do
not guarantee the accuracy, completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content.
Past performance is not necessarily indicative of future results.
This document may contain forward-looking statements or forecasts; such forecasts are not a reliable indicator of future performance.
This report is not intended to, and does not, constitute an offer or solicitation to buy and sell securities or engage in any investment
activity. This report is for informational purposes only. Recommendations in this report are not made with respect to any particular
investor or type of investor. Securities, financial instruments, or strategies mentioned herein may not be suitable for all investors and this
material is not intended for any specific investor and does not take into account an investor's particular investment objectives, financial
situations or needs. Before acting on any recommendation in this material, you should consider whether it is suitable for your particular
circumstances and, if necessary, seek professional advice.
CFRA may license certain intellectual property or provide services to, or otherwise have a business relationship with, certain issuers of
securities that are the subject of CFRA research reports, including exchange-traded investments whose investment objective is to
substantially replicate the returns of a proprietary index of CFRA. In cases where CFRA is paid fees that are tied to the amount of
assets invested in a fund or the volume of trading activity in a fund, investment in the fund may result in CFRA receiving compensation in
addition to the subscription fees or other compensation for services rendered by CFRA, however, no part of CFRA’s compensation for
services is tied to any recommendation or rating. Additional information on a subject company may be available upon request.
CFRA's financial data provider is S&P Global Market Intelligence. THIS DOCUMENT CONTAINS COPYRIGHTED AND TRADE SECRET
MATERIAL DISTRIBUTED UNDER LICENSE FROM S&P GLOBAL MARKET INTELLIGENCE. FOR RECIPIENT'S INTERNAL USE ONLY.
The Global Industry Classification Standard (GICS®) was developed by and/or is the exclusive property of MSCI, Inc. and S&P Global
Market Intelligence. GICS is a service mark of MSCI and S&P Global Market Intelligence and has been licensed for use by CFRA.
Other Disclaimers and Notice
Certain information in this report is provided by S&P Global, Inc. and/or its affiliates and subsidiaries (collectively “S&P Global”). Such
information is subject to the following disclaimers and notices: “Copyright © 2026, S&P Global Market Intelligence (and its affiliates as
applicable). All rights reserved. Nothing contained herein is investment advice and a reference to a particular investment or security, a
credit rating or any observation concerning a security or investment provided by S&P Global is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold
such investment or security or make any other investment decisions. This may contain information obtained from third parties, including
ratings from credit ratings agencies. Reproduction and distribution of S&P Global’s information and third party content in any form is
prohibited except with the prior written permission of S&P Global or the related third party, as applicable. Neither S&P Global nor its
third party providers guarantee the accuracy, completeness, timeliness or availability of any information, including ratings, and are not
responsible for any errors or omissions (negligent or otherwise), regardless of the cause, or for the results obtained from the use of
such information or content. S&P GLOBAL AND ITS THIRD PARTY CONTENT PROVIDERS GIVE NO EXPRESS OR IMPLIED
WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR
PURPOSE OR USE AND ALL S&P INFORMATION IS PROVIDED ON AN AS-IS BASIS. S&P GLOBAL AND ITS THIRD PARTY
CONTENT PROVIDERS SHALL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, EXEMPLARY, COMPENSATORY,
PUNITIVE, SPECIAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, COSTS, EXPENSES, LEGAL FEES, OR LOSSES (INCLUDING LOST INCOME
OR PROFITS AND OPPORTUNITY COSTS OR LOSSES CAUSED BY NEGLIGENCE) IN CONNECTION WITH ANY USE OF THEIR
INFORMATION OR CONTENT, INCLUDING RATINGS. Credit ratings are statements of opinions and are not statements of fact or
recommendations to purchase, hold or sell securities. They do not address the suitability of securities or the suitability of securities for
investment purposes, and should not be relied on as investment advice.”
Certain information in this report may be provided by Securities Evaluations, Inc. (“SE”), a wholly owned subsidiary of Intercontinental
Exchange. SE is a registered investment adviser with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). SE’s advisory
services include evaluated pricing and model valuation of fixed income securities, derivative valuations and Odd-Lot Pricing that
consists of bid- and ask-side evaluated prices for U.S. Municipal and U.S. Corporate Securities (together called valuation services). Such
information is subject to the following disclaimers and notices: “No content (including credit-related analyses and data, valuations,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission of
SE. The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or unauthorized purposes. SE and any third-party providers, as well as their
directors, officers, shareholders, employees or agents (collectively SE Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy, completeness, timeliness
or availability of the Content. SE Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions (negligent or otherwise), regardless of the
cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content, or for the security or maintenance of any data input by the user. The
Content is provided on an “as is” basis. SE PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT
NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM
FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS, THAT THE CONTENT’S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT
THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall SE Parties be liable to
any party for any direct, indirect, incidental, exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses,
legal fees, or losses (including, without limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in
connection with any use of the Content even if advised of the possibility of such damages. Credit-related and other analyses and
statements in the Content are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations
to purchase, hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions. SE assumes no obligation to update the Content following
Thematic Research March 26, 2026 8

publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the skill, judgment and experience of
the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other business decisions. SE’s opinions and
analyses do not address the suitability of any security. SE does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor. While SE has obtained
information from sources it believes to be reliable, SE does not perform an audit and undertakes no duty of due diligence or
independent verification of any information it receives. Valuations services are opinions and not statements of fact or recommendations
to purchase, hold or sell any security or instrument, or to make any investment decisions. The information provided as part of valuations
services should not be intended as an offer, promotion or solicitation for the purchase or sale of any security or other financial
instrument nor should it be considered investment advice. Valuations services do not address the suitability of any security or
instrument, and securities, financial instruments or strategies mentioned by SE may not be suitable for all investors. SE does not provide
legal, accounting or tax advice, and clients and potential clients of valuation services should consult with an attorney and/or a tax or
accounting professional regarding any specific legal, tax or accounting provision(s) applicable to their particular situations and in the
countries and jurisdictions where they do business. SE has redistribution relationships that reflect evaluated pricing, derivative valuation
and/or equity pricing services of other unaffiliated firms with which SE has contracted to distribute to its client base.
Pricing and data provided by these third-party firms are the responsibilities of those firms, and not SE, and are produced under those
firms' methodologies, policies and procedures. Valuations services provided by SE and products containing valuations services may not
be available in all countries or jurisdictions. Copyright © 2026 by Intercontinental Exchange Inc. All rights reserved.”
For residents of the European Union/European Economic Area
Research reports are originally distributed by CFRA UK Limited (company number 08456139 registered in England & Wales with its
registered office address at New Derwent House, 69-73 Theobalds Road, London, WC1X 8TA). CFRA UK Limited is regulated by the UK
Financial Conduct Authority (No. 775151).
For residents of Malaysia
Research reports are originally produced and distributed by CFRA MY Sdn Bhd (Company No. 683377-A).
For Residents of Singapore:
This Research Report is distributed by CFRA UK Limited to its clients in Singapore who hold a financial advisers licence or is a person
exempt from holding such licence (“SG Intermediary”). Recipients of this Research Report in Singapore should contact the SG
Intermediary in respect to any matters arising from, or in connection with, the analysis in this report. Where the recipient is not an
accredited, expert or institutional investor as defined by the Securities and Futures Act, the SG Intermediary accepts legal responsibility
for the contents of this Research Report in accordance with applicable law. When reports are distributed by SG Intermediaries in
Singapore, the SG Intermediary, and not CFRA, is solely responsible for ensuring that the recipients of the Research Reports
understand the information contained in the Research Reports and that such information is suitable based on the customer's profile and
investment objectives. This Research Report is intended for general circulation and no advice or recommendation is made herein or by
CFRA to any particular person. CFRA does not assume any responsibility to advise on whether any particular product is suitable for any
person, and the analysis herein does not take into account the specific investment objectives, financial situation or particular needs of
any particular person, and should not be relied upon for any investment decision.
For residents of all other countries
Research reports are originally distributed Accounting Research & Analytics, LLC d/b/a CFRA.
Copyright © 2026 CFRA. All rights reserved. CFRA and STARS are registered trademarks of CFRA.
Thematic Research March 26, 2026 9
