Thematic Research
Thematic industry research based on proprietary analytics from CFRA
Catherine A. Seifert
cservices@cfraresearch.com
Insurance: Implications From the Conflict With Iran
Key Takeaways
▪ CFRA believes investors in the insurance space should
Positive (+) or Negative (-) Implications
focus on two key points related to the conflict with Iran: the
degree to which marine insurance coverage availability (or (+) American International Group Inc. (AIG)
lack thereof) will impact the oil markets and the broader
(+) Chubb Limited (CB)
economy, and the degree to which this event causes the
(+) The Hartford Insurance Group Inc. (HIG)
insurance pricing environment to “harden.”
▪ We expect the inflationary pressures and elevated (-) Berkshire Hathaway Inc. (BRK.B)
geopolitical risks in the aftermath of the conflict with Iran
(-) The Travelers Companies Inc. (TRV)
will be more impactful to U.S. insurers than the potential
claims from the actual conflict, since war exclusions are likely to be activated in most impacted
policies.
▪ Among U.S. primary insurers, AIG, BRK.B, CB, HIG, and TRV have the most exposure to lines of
coverage possibly exposed to this event, but CFRA views their exposures as manageable.
Fundamental Context
Pricing in the property-casualty (p-c) insurance market was “softening,” but the conflict with Iran could
tighten pricing. As Figure 1 illustrates, the p-c commercial lines market ended 2025 on a weak note, with
average price increases of less than 1% in Q4 2025.
Figure 1: Average Quarterly Commercial Insurance Lines Rate Increases (2006-2025)
15
10
5
e
g
n
a
h
C
tn
0
e
c
r
e
P
-5
-10
-15
Source: Council of Insurance Agents and Brokers (www.ciab.com).
Thematic Research March 10, 2026 1

Market conditions were very different when the last major conflict erupted. Insurance market conditions
were already tight coming out of the pandemic (with commercial insurance rate increases averaging nearly
9%) just before Russia invaded Ukraine on February 24, 2022. Conditions remained tight, and quarterly rate
increases averaged between 7% and 9% for the next couple of years. Current market conditions are much
softer, with average rate hikes of less than 1%. Consequently, we do not expect this conflict will cause
market pricing to “turn” the way a major hurricane or some other far-reaching natural catastrophe might –
partly due to the war exclusions that exist in many types of policies. At this juncture, we view the risk of
demand destruction if the global economy weakens amid the expected rise in oil prices as a bigger threat.
However, we expect this conflict to exert upward pressure on pricing, demand, and terms and conditions in
the lines of coverage exposed to this event. In Figure 2, we highlight the lines of coverage most likely to be
impacted.
Figure 2: Lines of Coverage Most Likely to Be Impacted by the Iranian Conflict
Marine Insurance
Hull & Machinery
▪ Covers vessels
▪ War risk premiums can raise premium rates from 0.025% of hull value to 0.5% of hull value
▪ Applies to vessels traveling in the Persian Gulf, Strait of Hormuz, and Gulf of Oman
Cargo
▪ Separate war risk coverage required for goods
▪ Rates increase 10x-50x during active conflict
Marine Liability
▪ Protection & indemnity (P&I) insurance
▪ Includes war risks
▪ Typically written by mutual insurers also known as P&I Clubs
Loss of Hire
▪ Business interruption for vessels unable to transit key routes
▪ Diversions around Africa add time and cost
Other Lines of Impacted Coverage
▪ Aviation—for both physical and liability risks and costly interruptions
▪ Political Risk—covers expropriation, political violence, contract frustration, currency issues
▪ Energy—covers offshore and onshore oil/gas platforms/facilities, sabotage, business
interruption
▪ Trade credit—for non-payment risk and supply chain disruption
▪ Cyber—Iran has a history of cyber retaliation; claim disputes likely amid war exclusions
▪ Directors & Officers Liability
▪ Contingent business interruption
Source: CFRA.
Thematic Research March 10, 2026 2

Figure 3: Leading Insurers in Core Impacted Lines
Firm Market Share Ocean Marine Market Share Inland Marine
American International Group Inc. 13.6% 4.4%
Starr Companies 7.8% 1.5%
Chubb Limited 6.6% 5.4%
Tokio Marine Holdings Inc. 6.5% 1%
The Travelers Companies Inc. 6.2% 2.9%
Berkshire Hathaway Inc. 4.9% 1.7%
The Hartford Insurance Group Inc. 4.0% 0.8%
Great American Insurance Group 3.9% 1.4%
CNA Financial Corporation 3.5% 8.4%
Intact Financial Corporation 2.7% 1%
Source: S&P Global Market Intelligence.
AIG tops the leaderboard in ocean marine coverage, and may also have exposure via aviation, political risk,
energy, trade credit, cyber, and certain liability coverage it offers, though we note its exposure to this region
is carefully managed. While AIG is a top ocean marine carrier and has a reputation for being able to write
large complex risks, we note ocean marine coverage only accounts for 3% to 5% of AIG’s $24 billion
commercial lines insurance written premium base. In recent years, AIG also has lowered the risk profile of its
book of business, partly through the sale of several of its reinsurance units that have political risk coverage
exposure.
While it is too early to estimate what total insured losses from this conflict and the attendant economic
fallout will be, we think there are several points for investors to consider now. First, we estimate direct
exposure to Iran accounts for a very small (less than 2%) percentage of premium bases for the U.S.-based
insurers in our coverage universe. Second, many standard lines of coverage (e.g., commercial property and
business interruption) have explicit war exclusions. Other lines of coverage (e.g., cargo, aviation, and marine)
contain provisions for a “war risk premium,” or a surcharge to the existing policy that is automatically
implemented to cover the additional risks of transporting and traveling within hostile territories. We expect
the exposure the insurers in our coverage universe have to this region will primarily be in cyber, political risk
cover, aviation, marine, and energy. Finally, the U.S.-domiciled insurance industry has ample capital to sustain
these claims and remains underleveraged. As Figure 4 highlights, insurers ended 2025 with more than $1.2
trillion of surplus supporting a written premium base of around $963 billion, writing about $0.79 of business
for every $1.00 of capital on their books. This broadly leaves the p-c insurance industry with an estimated
$300 billion (or more) of so-called excess capital, an ample cushion to soften the blow of Iran-driven claims.
Thematic Research March 10, 2026 3

Figure 4: Property-Casualty Net Written Premiums to Surplus (2012-2025)
1,400,000 0.9
0.8
1,200,000
0.7
1,000,000
0.6
800,000 0.5
600,000 0.4
0.3
400,000
0.2
200,000
0.1
0 0
2012 2013 2014 2015 2016 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 2023 2024 2025
NPW $M Surplus $M NPW/surplus
Source: S&P Global Market Intelligence.
A U.S. government-sponsored reinsurance plan was just introduced, which may miss the mark. On
Friday, March 6, 2026, the Trump administration announced plans to provide up to $20 billion in reinsurance
coverage for oil tankers and other commercial ships in the Persian Gulf region. This move is designed
primarily to restart maritime traffic passing through the Strait of Hormuz, which has come to a standstill
when insurers refused to provide coverage for ships (hull and cargo) once the conflict with Iran started
(though Lloyd’s of London claimed there was coverage available).
The plan, established under the auspices of the U.S. International Development Finance Corporation (DFC),
outlined the following guidelines:
▪ The DFC reinsurance facility will insure losses up to approximately $20 billion on a rolling basis.
▪ This revolving insurance offering will apply only to vessels that meet the criteria.
▪ Insurance will focus on hull & machinery and cargo to start.
▪ The DFC has identified best-in-class, preferred American insurance partners.
▪ The DFC and Treasury are coordinating closely with CENTCOM on next steps in the implementation
of this plan.
Our concern with this plan is that it is being structured as a reinsurance transaction, meaning primary
insurers would have to absorb a certain amount of losses before the reinsurance kicks in and that amount
has not yet been disclosed. Also, it is not clear to us whether this will be structured on a retroactive (i.e.,
covering losses that have already occurred) or prospective (only covering future losses) basis. We are also
not sure that $20 billion is an adequate level of protection to entice enough insurers back into this market.
Conclusion and Investment Thesis
The shares of most p-c insurers will likely remain under pressure in the near term due to concerns
surrounding the level of insured losses likely to emerge from the conflict in Iran, some concentrated risk in
certain lines of coverage, and the rising inflation threat. However, CFRA believes that losses from this event
could serve as a catalyst to help harden the current competitive pricing environment and provide the shares
with a catalyst. We also think shares of AIG and HIG are likely to benefit from restructuring actions underway
Thematic Research March 10, 2026 4

at both firms, while the market leader CB is well positioned to leverage opportunities for growth amid a “flight
to quality” among underwriters that usually occurs when market conditions become more competitive. We
applaud TRV’s underwriting acumen, but think its shares are fairly valued versus historical levels. Our Hold
recommendation on BRK.B shares reflects our tempered view of this conglomerate’s shares amid some
weakening fundamentals.
Risk Factors
Risks to our thesis and recommendations include a significant downturn in world economies amid negative
fallout from this conflict, coupled with a prolonged downturn in equity markets. There is also a risk that
insured losses from this conflict exceed our initial loss estimates, and that the risk concentration from this
event adversely impacts some of the leading insurers, particularly AIG and CB, which most likely have the
greatest exposure to this event among publicly-traded insurers in our coverage universe.
Company Implications
American International Group Inc. (AIG 78 ****) entered 2026 having completed most of the heavy lifting of
its restructuring that centered around the deconsolidation of its life insurance unit. AIG’s go-forward
operations consist of its North American Commercial, International Commercial, and Personal Lines units.
The North American and International Commercial divisions, combined, produced net written premiums of
$17.4 billion in 2025 (74% of total general insurance written premiums of $23.7 billion). Casualty lines of
coverage accounted for 33% of 2025 commercial and international written premium volume. Property and
short-tail lines of coverage equaled 27% of written premiums. Financial lines of coverage comprised 24% of
net written premiums in 2025, while global specialty lines of coverage accounted for 16% of written
premiums in 2025. AIG’s global personal lines group primarily underwrites personal auto and homeowners’
coverage and an array of personal accident and health insurance protection. Net written premiums totaled
$6.25 billion in 2025 (26% of total firm-wide written premiums), of which global accident and health policies
accounted for 39%, personal auto and homeowners for 46%, and other personal lines for the remaining 15%
of 2025 global personal lines written premiums.
We view AIG as an undervalued franchise, and we believe AIG’s ability to produce above-peer underwriting
profitability as it navigates a more competitive market and lowers the risk profile of its book of business will
provide its shares with a catalyst to close their valuation gap with peers. Our 12-month target price is $92,
which assumes the shares will trade at 11.7x our 2026 operating EPS estimate and at 10.3x our 2027
operating EPS estimate. This compares to AIG’s one-year average forward multiple of 11.4x and the p-c peer
average of 13x-14x.
Chubb Limited (CB 324 ****), one of the world’s leading publicly-traded p-c insurers, underwrites an array of
commercial, personal property, and casualty insurance; personal accident and supplemental health
insurance; reinsurance; and life insurance. P-c net written premiums totaled $54.8 billion in 2025, up 6.4%
from $51.5 billion in 2024. Net earned premiums were also up by 6.4% to $53.0 billion in 2025 from $49.8
billion in 2024. Global p-c insurance accounted for 87% of net written premiums in 2025, while life insurance
comprised the remaining 13% of net written premiums. Despite CB’s global footprint, North America is still its
primary market, accounting for over 60% of net written premiums in 2025, by our estimate. One of CB’s key
strengths is a solid underwriting track record, as measured by the combined (loss and expense) ratio. During
2025, the p-c combined ratio equaled 85.7%, an improvement from the 86.6% combined ratio reported in
2024, reflecting broadly based current accident-year claim trends and modestly improved underlying claim
trends. The underlying combined ratio (which excludes catastrophes) improved to 81.9% in 2025 from 83.1%
in 2024. These results remain superior to industry averages in both years.
We see CB benefiting from a flight to quality among underwriters amid an uncertain macroeconomic
environment and a weakening but stable p-c pricing environment. We also believe CB’s above-peer growth
rate and underwriting profitability provide the shares with a catalyst to close their valuation gap to peers. We
forecast net written premium growth in 2026 of 6% to 9%, versus the 7% rise in net written premiums in
Thematic Research March 10, 2026 5

2025. Our 12-month target price is $380. We assume the shares will trade at a multiple of 14x our 2026
operating EPS estimate and at 13x our 2027 operating EPS estimate. These target multiples compare with a
disparate peer average of 13x-14x (including some slower-growing firms that lack CB’s market presence and
balance sheet strength, as well as some faster-growing firms) and CB’s three-year average forward multiple
of 12x.
The Hartford Financial Services Group Inc. (HIG 138 ****) is a p-c insurer that undertook a comprehensive
restructuring plan that is yielding results. HIG is focusing on its p-c, group benefits, and mutual fund
businesses, and sold a number of non-core units in recent years. Segment core earnings (from continuing
operations) totaled $3.95 billion in 2025, with Property Casualty Commercial and Personal Lines accounting
for 80%, Group Benefits for 15%, and Mutual Funds for the remaining 5%. HIG’s Property-Casualty
Commercial Lines division generated earned premiums of $13.9 billion in 2025, versus $12.7 billion in 2024.
Lines of coverage underwritten include workers’ compensation, package business, commercial auto, general
liability, property coverage, professional liability, and bond insurance. The commercial lines segment has
three main units: Small Business (which accounted for 41% of the $14.5 billion in commercial net written
premiums in 2025); Middle & Large Business (32%); and Global Specialty and Other (27%). The Personal
Lines segment provides automobile and home-based coverages to individuals in the U.S., including a special
program designed exclusively for members of AARP. We believe the shares are undervalued versus peers
and have several attractive catalysts – an above-average rate of written premium growth, improved claims
trends, and the benefits of a successful restructuring – that will enable HIG to close its valuation gap to
peers. Our 12-month target price is $163, which assumes the shares will trade at 11.5x our 2026 operating
EPS estimate of $14.20 and at 10.9x our 2027 operating EPS estimate of $14.95. These compare with HIG’s
one-year average forward multiple of 10.3x and a peer average of 13x-14x.
Berkshire Hathaway Inc. (BRK.B 497 ***) is an insurance-based conglomerate that produced segment
operating earnings of $44.5 billion in 2025 (down 6.1% from $47.4 billion in 2024), derived from insurance
premiums and investment income (44%); manufacturing, service, and retailing (31%); freight rail
transportation revenues (12%); utility and energy revenues (9%); and other revenues (4%). BRK.B’s insurance
operations consist of GEICO (a leading auto insurer); BH Primary Group (an array of commercial lines
insurers); and BH Reinsurance Group (reinsurance operations). Our Hold recommendation on the shares
reflects our view that mixed/weakening fundamentals and the evaporation of the “Buffett premium” as
BRK.B undergoes a significant management transition amid the retirement of Warren Buffett, removing a
catalyst from the shares. Our 12-month target price of $520 assumes the shares will trade at 23.4x our 2026
operating EPS estimate and at 22x our 2027 operating EPS estimate. These multiples compare to BRK.B’s
three-year average forward multiple of 23x and are a premium to most insurance and reinsurance peers.
This premium is warranted amid BRK.B’s superior financial strength, in our view.
The Travelers Companies Inc. (TRV 303 ***) is a leading p-c insurance underwriter that produced written
premiums of $44.4 billion in 2025, divided as follows: business insurance (51%), personal lines (39%), and
bond and specialty insurance (10%). Business insurance net written premiums of $22.7 billion in 2025 were
divided as follows: workers’ compensation (15%), commercial multi-peril (26%), commercial auto (18%),
general liability (16%), commercial property (16%), and international and other (9%). Underwriting results in
this segment improved in 2025 on a stable level of catastrophe losses and more favorable prior-year loss
development trends. We applaud TRV’s risk management prowess, but we note the firm’s mix of business is
heavily weighted with slower-growing lines of business, like workers’ compensation. We view TRV shares as
fairly valued versus historical averages but worth holding. Our 12-month target price of $315 assumes the
shares will trade at 12.3x our 2026 operating EPS estimate of $25.65 and at 11.4x our 2027 EPS estimate of
$27.65, versus the shares’ one-year average forward multiple of 11.5x.
Thematic Research March 10, 2026 6

Relative Performance
30%
25%
20%
15%
10%
5%
0%
-5%
-10%
-15%
American International Group, Inc. (NYSE:AIG) Berkshire Hathaway Inc. (NYSE:BRK.A)
Chubb Limited (NYSE:CB) The Hartford Insurance Group, Inc. (NYSE:HIG)
The Travelers Companies, Inc. (NYSE:TRV) S&P 500 (^SPX) - Index Value
Source: S&P Global Market Intelligence. Data from March 10, 2025 to March 6, 2026.
Implications*
Positive implications: CFRA sees an improvement in company fundamentals, which could include (but are not limited to)
improved pricing, strengthening backlog, market share gains, cost improvements, a more favorable regulatory
environment, or improving demographic trends, over the next 12 months.
Negative implications: CFRA sees a weakening in the company’s fundamentals, which could include (but are not limited
to) weaker pricing, reduced backlog visibility, market share losses, cost inflation, unfavorable regulatory climate, or
demographic headwinds, over the next 12 months.
* The categorization of positive or negative implication may not include every qualitative or quantitative factor that is
used to undertake a full analysis of a company’s financial picture as other factors may need to be analyzed and is not
intended to be investment advice and should not be interpreted as such. These categorizations represent the current
good-faith views of the authors at the time of publication and these views are subject to change without notice of any
kind.
Thematic Research March 10, 2026 7

Contact CFRA
977 Seminole Trail, PMB 230
Charlottesville, VA 22901-2824
USA
P: +1-800-220-0502
cservices@cfraresearch.com
www.cfraresearch.com
Disclosures
Stocks are ranked in accordance with the following ranking methodologies:
STARS Stock Reports
Qualitative STARS recommendations are determined and assigned by equity analysts. For reports containing STARS recommendations
refer to the Glossary section of the report for detailed methodology and the definition of STARS rankings.
Quantitative Stock Reports
Quantitative recommendations are determined by ranking a universe of common stocks based on 5 measures or model categories:
Valuation, Quality, Growth, Street Sentiment, and Price Momentum. In the U.S., a sixth sub-category for Financial Health will also be
displayed. Percentile scores are used to compare each company to all other companies in the same universe for each model category.
The five (six) model category scores are then weighted and rolled up into a single percentile ranking for that company. For reports
containing quantitative recommendations refer to the Glossary section of the report for detailed methodology and the definition of
Quantitative rankings.
STARS Stock Reports and Quantitative Stock Reports
The methodologies used in STARS Stock Reports and Quantitative Stock Reports (collectively, the "Research Reports") reflect
different criteria, assumptions and analytical methods and may have differing recommendations. The methodologies and data used to
generate the different types of Research Reports are believed by the author and distributor reasonable and appropriate. Generally,
CFRA does not generate reports with different ranking methodologies for the same issuer. However, in the event that different
methodologies or data are used on the analysis of an issuer, the methodologies may lead to different views or recommendations on the
issuer, which may at times result in contradicting assessments of an issuer. CFRA reserves the right to alter, replace or vary models,
methodologies, or assumptions from time to time and without notice to clients.
Analyst Certification
STARS Stock Reports are prepared by the equity research analysts of CFRA and its affiliates and subsidiaries. All of the views
expressed in STARS Stock Reports accurately reflect the research analyst's personal views regarding any and all of the subject
securities or issuers. Analysts generally update stock reports at least four times each year. No part of analyst, CFRA, or its affiliates or
subsidiaries compensation was, is, or will be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views expressed in a
STARS Stock Report.
About CFRA Equity Research's Distributors
This Research Report is published and originally distributed by Accounting Research & Analytics, LLC d/b/a CFRA (“CFRA US”), with
the following exceptions: In the UK/EU/EEA, it is published and originally distributed by CFRA UK Limited (“CFRA UK”), which is
regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority (No. 775151), and in Malaysia by CFRA MY Sdn Bhd (Company No. 683377-A). These
parties and their subsidiaries maintain no responsibility for reports redistributed by third parties such as brokers or financial advisors.
General Disclosure
Notice to all jurisdictions:
Where Research Reports are made available in a language other than English and in the case of inconsistencies between the English
and translated versions of a Research Report, the English version will control and supersede any ambiguities associated with any part
or section of a Research Report that has been issued in a foreign language. Neither CFRA nor its affiliates guarantee the accuracy of
the translation. The content of this report and the opinions expressed herein are those of CFRA based upon publicly-available
information that CFRA believes to be reliable and the opinions are subject to change without notice. This analysis has not been
submitted to, nor received approval from, the United States Securities and Exchange Commission or any other regulatory body. While
CFRA exercised due care in compiling this analysis, CFRA AND ALL RELATED ENTITIES SPECIFICALLY DISCLAIM ALL
WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, to the full extent permitted by law, regarding the accuracy, completeness, or usefulness of this
information and assumes no liability with respect to the consequences of relying on this information for investment or other purposes.
No content (including ratings, credit-related analyses and data, valuations, model, software or other application or output therefrom) or
any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered, reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a
Thematic Research March 10, 2026 8

database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission of CFRA. The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. CFRA and any third-party providers, as well as their directors, officers, shareholders, employees, or agents, do
not guarantee the accuracy, completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content.
Past performance is not necessarily indicative of future results.
This document may contain forward-looking statements or forecasts; such forecasts are not a reliable indicator of future performance.
This report is not intended to, and does not, constitute an offer or solicitation to buy and sell securities or engage in any investment
activity. This report is for informational purposes only. Recommendations in this report are not made with respect to any particular
investor or type of investor. Securities, financial instruments, or strategies mentioned herein may not be suitable for all investors and this
material is not intended for any specific investor and does not take into account an investor's particular investment objectives, financial
situations or needs. Before acting on any recommendation in this material, you should consider whether it is suitable for your particular
circumstances and, if necessary, seek professional advice.
CFRA may license certain intellectual property or provide services to, or otherwise have a business relationship with, certain issuers of
securities that are the subject of CFRA research reports, including exchange-traded investments whose investment objective is to
substantially replicate the returns of a proprietary index of CFRA. In cases where CFRA is paid fees that are tied to the amount of
assets invested in a fund or the volume of trading activity in a fund, investment in the fund may result in CFRA receiving compensation in
addition to the subscription fees or other compensation for services rendered by CFRA, however, no part of CFRA’s compensation for
services is tied to any recommendation or rating. Additional information on a subject company may be available upon request.
CFRA's financial data provider is S&P Global Market Intelligence. THIS DOCUMENT CONTAINS COPYRIGHTED AND TRADE SECRET
MATERIAL DISTRIBUTED UNDER LICENSE FROM S&P GLOBAL MARKET INTELLIGENCE. FOR RECIPIENT'S INTERNAL USE ONLY.
The Global Industry Classification Standard (GICS®) was developed by and/or is the exclusive property of MSCI, Inc. and S&P Global
Market Intelligence. GICS is a service mark of MSCI and S&P Global Market Intelligence and has been licensed for use by CFRA.
Other Disclaimers and Notice
Certain information in this report is provided by S&P Global, Inc. and/or its affiliates and subsidiaries (collectively “S&P Global”). Such
information is subject to the following disclaimers and notices: “Copyright © 2026, S&P Global Market Intelligence (and its affiliates as
applicable). All rights reserved. Nothing contained herein is investment advice and a reference to a particular investment or security, a
credit rating or any observation concerning a security or investment provided by S&P Global is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold
such investment or security or make any other investment decisions. This may contain information obtained from third parties, including
ratings from credit ratings agencies. Reproduction and distribution of S&P Global’s information and third-party content in any form is
prohibited except with the prior written permission of S&P Global or the related third party, as applicable. Neither S&P Global nor its
third-party providers guarantee the accuracy, completeness, timeliness or availability of any information, including ratings, and are not
responsible for any errors or omissions (negligent or otherwise), regardless of the cause, or for the results obtained from the use of
such information or content. S&P GLOBAL AND ITS THIRD-PARTY CONTENT PROVIDERS GIVE NO EXPRESS OR IMPLIED
WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR
PURPOSE OR USE AND ALL S&P INFORMATION IS PROVIDED ON AN AS-IS BASIS. S&P GLOBAL AND ITS THIRD PARTY
CONTENT PROVIDERS SHALL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, EXEMPLARY, COMPENSATORY,
PUNITIVE, SPECIAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, COSTS, EXPENSES, LEGAL FEES, OR LOSSES (INCLUDING LOST INCOME
OR PROFITS AND OPPORTUNITY COSTS OR LOSSES CAUSED BY NEGLIGENCE) IN CONNECTION WITH ANY USE OF THEIR
INFORMATION OR CONTENT, INCLUDING RATINGS. Credit ratings are statements of opinions and are not statements of fact or
recommendations to purchase, hold or sell securities. They do not address the suitability of securities or the suitability of securities for
investment purposes and should not be relied on as investment advice.”
Certain information in this report may be provided by Securities Evaluations, Inc. (“SE”), a wholly owned subsidiary of Intercontinental
Exchange. SE is a registered investment adviser with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). SE’s advisory
services include evaluated pricing and model valuation of fixed income securities, derivative valuations and Odd-Lot Pricing that
consists of bid- and ask-side evaluated prices for U.S. Municipal and U.S. Corporate Securities (together called valuation services). Such
information is subject to the following disclaimers and notices: “No content (including credit-related analyses and data, valuations,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission of
SE. The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or unauthorized purposes. SE and any third-party providers, as well as their
directors, officers, shareholders, employees or agents (collectively SE Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy, completeness, timeliness
or availability of the Content. SE Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions (negligent or otherwise), regardless of the
cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content, or for the security or maintenance of any data input by the user. The
Content is provided on an “as is” basis. SE PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT
NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM
FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS, THAT THE CONTENT’S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT
THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall SE Parties be liable to
any party for any direct, indirect, incidental, exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses,
legal fees, or losses (including, without limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in
connection with any use of the Content even if advised of the possibility of such damages. Credit-related and other analyses and
statements in the Content are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations
Thematic Research March 10, 2026 9

to purchase, hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions. SE assumes no obligation to update the Content following
publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the skill, judgment and experience of
the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other business decisions. SE’s opinions and
analyses do not address the suitability of any security. SE does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor. While SE has obtained
information from sources it believes to be reliable, SE does not perform an audit and undertakes no duty of due diligence or
independent verification of any information it receives. Valuations services are opinions and not statements of fact or recommendations
to purchase, hold or sell any security or instrument, or to make any investment decisions. The information provided as part of valuations
services should not be intended as an offer, promotion or solicitation for the purchase or sale of any security or other financial
instrument nor should it be considered investment advice. Valuations services do not address the suitability of any security or
instrument, and securities, financial instruments or strategies mentioned by SE may not be suitable for all investors. SE does not provide
legal, accounting or tax advice, and clients and potential clients of valuation services should consult with an attorney and/or a tax or
accounting professional regarding any specific legal, tax or accounting provision(s) applicable to their particular situations and in the
countries and jurisdictions where they do business. SE has redistribution relationships that reflect evaluated pricing, derivative valuation
and/or equity pricing services of other unaffiliated firms with which SE has contracted to distribute to its client base.
Pricing and data provided by these third-party firms are the responsibilities of those firms, and not SE, and are produced under those
firms' methodologies, policies and procedures. Valuations services provided by SE and products containing valuations services may not
be available in all countries or jurisdictions. Copyright © 2026 by Intercontinental Exchange Inc. All rights reserved.”
For residents of the European Union/European Economic Area
Research reports are originally distributed by CFRA UK Limited (company number 08456139 registered in England & Wales with its
registered office address at New Derwent House, 69-73 Theobalds Road, London, WC1X 8TA). CFRA UK Limited is regulated by the UK
Financial Conduct Authority (No. 775151).
For residents of Malaysia
Research reports are originally produced and distributed by CFRA MY Sdn Bhd (Company No. 683377-A).
For Residents of Singapore
This Research Report is distributed by CFRA UK Limited to its clients in Singapore who hold a financial advisers licence or is a person
exempt from holding such licence (“SG Intermediary”). Recipients of this Research Report in Singapore should contact the SG
Intermediary in respect to any matters arising from, or in connection with, the analysis in this report. Where the recipient is not an
accredited, expert or institutional investor as defined by the Securities and Futures Act, the SG Intermediary accepts legal responsibility
for the contents of this Research Report in accordance with applicable law. When reports are distributed by SG Intermediaries in
Singapore, the SG Intermediary, and not CFRA, is solely responsible for ensuring that the recipients of the Research Reports
understand the information contained in the Research Reports and that such information is suitable based on the customer's profile and
investment objectives. This Research Report is intended for general circulation and no advice or recommendation is made herein or by
CFRA to any particular person. CFRA does not assume any responsibility to advise on whether any particular product is suitable for any
person, and the analysis herein does not take into account the specific investment objectives, financial situation or particular needs of
any particular person, and should not be relied upon for any investment decision.
For residents of all other countries
Research reports are originally distributed Accounting Research & Analytics, LLC d/b/a CFRA.
Copyright © 2026 CFRA. All rights reserved. CFRA and STARS are registered trademarks of CFRA.
Thematic Research March 10, 2026 10
