Capital Daily | 31st March 2026
Growth concerns take centre stage
Notwithstanding some positivity in stock markets This marks a breakdown in what had been a pretty
today, recent market moves – including a big rally tight correlation between stocks and bonds during
in Treasuries and widening credit spreads – point this conflict so far. Indeed, the past few days are a
to growing concerns around economic activity. startling outlier when compared to the relationship
We expect these fears to ease over coming months. between both in the past six months. (See Chart 3.)
Treasuries have continued to rally today, extending
Chart 3: 3-Day Changes In 2Y UST Yield & S&P 500
a move that began last Friday . The 2 -year yield has
(Past 6 Months)
now fallen by ~20bp over that period, one of its
steepest declines in recent years . (See Chart 1.) This
decline has reflected investors paring back bets on
rate hikes and once again price in rate cuts, with
~20bp of easing now priced for the next 18 months .
Chart 1: 3-Day Change In 2Y UST Yield (bp)
Sources: LSEG, Capital Economics .
The idea that investors have become more worried
by the growth outlook is also reflected in credit
markets: the option-adjusted spreads of US high
yield corporate bonds have generally risen by as
Sources: LSEG, Capital Economics . much since Friday as they had since the war began.
This reassessment may partly reflect comments Some of these market moves are consistent with our
from Fed Chair Powell on Monday, in which he baseline forecast . For example, we think market
said that the Fed could afford to wait and see what pricing for the Fed funds rate now looks about right.
the impact of the war would be . He also noted that (See Chart 4.) But our forecasts are predicated on
policymakers typically look past oil price shocks. inflation concerns easing, rather than growth fears
escalating. (We set out our baseline scenario here).
That said, this alone doesn’t explain the rally in
Treasuries given that the move started on Friday and If these growth concerns persist, we doubt the stock
has been far larger than comments like that would
market would rally this year, despite our upbeat
seem to warrant. Our sense is that the rally instead
view on AI . But if something akin to our baseline
partly reflects growing concerns about economic
scenario materialises, we think there’s scope for
activity . That is consistent with the lack of a rally in
stocks and bonds to rally in tandem through 2026 .
stocks in response to the fall in yields. (See Chart 2.)
Chart 4: Fed Funds Rate (%)
Chart 2: 2Y UST Yield & S&P 500 (Inverted RHS)
Sources: LSEG, Capital Economics . Sources: LSEG , Capital Economics .
James Reilly , Senior Markets Economist , james.reilly@capitaleconomics.com
Page 1

Capital Daily
Key Insights From CE
• Between developments in the Middle East and the software sector, it has been a volatile first quarter for AI -
related stocks. This Equities Focus uses our propriety CE AI Equity Indices to gauge the health of the rally
and consider how it might develop over the rest of 2026.
• The direct effect of renewed strikes on shipping in the Red Sea on aggregate world trade is likely to be
limited, but the impact on Asian economies that rely more heavily on oil imports from Saudi Arabia would
be more significant. Read more in this Global Economics Update .
• While the energy sector has been the best -performing sector of the S&P 500 since the conflict in the Middle
East began, our baseline assumption is that most of this outperformance will unwind over the rest of the
year. Read more in this Equities Update .
Economic Data & Events
Date Country Release/Indicator/Event BST Previous* Median* CE Forecast*
Wed 1 st EZ S&P Global Manufacturing PMI (Mar., Final) 09.00 51.4p 51.4 51.4
US Change in ADP Employment (Mar.) 13.15 +63,000 +40,000 +35,000
US Retail Sales (Feb.) 13.30 -0.2% +0.4% +0.3%
US Core Retail Sales (Feb.) 13.30 0.0% +0.3% +0.2%
*m/m(y/y) unless otherwise stated; p = provisional
Disclaimer: While every effort has been made to ensure that the data quoted and used for the research behind this document is reliable, t here is no guarantee
that it is correct, and Capital Economics Limited and its subsidiaries can accept no liability whatsoever in respect of any errors or omissions. This document is
a piece of economic research and is not intended to constitute investment advice, nor to solicit dealing in securities or inv estments.
Distribution: Subscribers are free to make copies of our publications for their own use, and for the use of members of the subscribing team at their business
location. No other form of copying or distribution of our publications is permitted without our explicit permis sion. This includes but is not limited to internal
distribution to non -subscribing employees or teams.
Email sales@capitaleconomics.com Visit www.capitaleconomics.com
