Agent Behavioral Contracts: Formal Specification and
Runtime Enforcement for Reliable Autonomous AI Agents
Varun Pratap Bhardwaj∗
Senior Manager & Solution Architect, Accenture
varun.pratap.bhardwaj@gmail.com
February 25, 2026
Abstract
Traditional software relies on contracts—APIs, type systems, assertions—to specify and
enforce correct behavior. AI agents, by contrast, operate on prompts and natural language
instructions with no formal behavioral specification. This gap is the root cause of drift, gov-
ernance failures, and frequent project failures in agentic AI deployments. We introduce Agent
Behavioral Contracts (ABC), a formal framework that brings Design-by-Contract principles to
autonomous AI agents. An ABC contract C = (P,I,G,R) specifies Preconditions, Invariants,
Governance policies, and Recovery mechanisms as first-class, runtime-enforceable components.
We define (p,δ,k)-satisfaction—a probabilistic notion of contract compliance that accounts for
LLM non-determinism and recovery—and prove a Drift Bounds Theorem showing that con-
tracts with recovery rate γ > α (the natural drift rate) bound behavioral drift to D∗ = α/γ in
expectation, with Gaussian concentration in the stochastic setting. We establish sufficient con-
ditions for safe contract composition in multi-agent chains and derive probabilistic degradation
bounds. We implement ABC in AgentAssert, a runtime enforcement library, and evaluate on
AgentContract-Bench, a benchmark of 200 scenarios across 7 models from 6 vendors. Re-
sults across 1,980 sessions show that contracted agents detect 5.2–6.8 soft violations per session
that uncontracted baselines miss entirely (p < 0.0001, Cohen’s d = 6.7–33.8), achieve 88–100%
hard constraint compliance, and bound behavioral drift to D∗ < 0.27 across extended sessions,
with 100% recovery for frontier models and 17–100% across all models, at overhead < 10ms per
action.
1 Introduction
The deployment of autonomous AI agents in production environments is accelerating at an unprece-
dented pace. Agents powered by large language models (LLMs) now execute multi-step workflows
in financial advisory [Moslemi et al., 2026], healthcare triage, customer support [Wu et al., 2023],
code generation [Yao et al., 2023], and research synthesis [Schick et al., 2023]. These systems are
no longer simple question-answering interfaces: they invoke tools, access databases, make decisions
with real-world consequences, and increasingly operate in multi-agent pipelines where outputs of
one agent feed directly into another [Chase, 2023, Moura, 2024]. Yet despite this rapid adoption,
agents operate without formal behavioral guarantees. There exists no widely adopted mechanism
to specify what an agent should do, verify that it is doing it, or enforce corrective action when it
deviates.
∗Patent pending. Reference implementation and benchmark suite available subject to intellectual property clear-
ance.
1
6202
beF
52
]IA.sc[
1v20322.2062:viXra

The Problem
Traditional software systems benefit from decades of formal specification tooling: type systems,
API contracts, assertions, and interface specifications provide compile-time and runtime guarantees
about program behavior [Hoare, 1969, Meyer, 1992]. AI agents, by contrast, are governed by
prompts—natural language instructions that carry no formal semantics, no verifiable guarantees,
and no enforcement mechanisms. This gap between the formality of traditional software contracts
and the informality of agent instructions is the root cause of a class of failures unique to agentic AI:
behavioral drift, governance violations, and silent degradation.
Behavioral drift manifests when an agent’s actions gradually diverge from its intended specifi-
cation over the course of a multi-turn interaction [Rath, 2026]. An agent tasked with professional
customer support may begin with appropriate responses but progressively adopt a more casual
tone, hallucinate product features, or volunteer information it was instructed to withhold. A re-
search synthesis agent may start by citing verified sources but drift toward fabricated references
as the session extends. These deviations are subtle, incremental, and—critically—undetected until
harm has occurred: a customer receives incorrect medical guidance, a financial agent exceeds its
trading authority, or a code generation agent introduces a security vulnerability.
Several important approaches address adjacent aspects of this problem. Constitutional AI [Bai
et al., 2022] embeds behavioral principles during training, producing models that are more aligned
at generation time. Reinforcement learning from human feedback (RLHF) [Ouyang et al., 2022]
fine-tunes models toward human preferences. Output guardrails such as NeMo Guardrails [Rebedea
et al., 2023] filter or redirect agent responses that match prohibited patterns. However, none of
these provides formal runtime behavioral contracts with mathematical guarantees. Constitutional
AI operates at training time and cannot adapt to deployment-specific constraints. RLHF shapes
general tendencies but cannot enforce specific invariants. Guardrails filter outputs but do not
specify preconditions, do not monitor invariants over time, and do not compose across multi-agent
pipelines. Recent empirical work confirms this gap: Cartagena and Teixeira [2026] demonstrate
that text-level safety alignment does not transfer to tool-call safety, validating that prompt-level
governance contracts are fundamentally insufficient for agents that interact with the world through
tools and APIs.
The theoretical case for active enforcement is further strengthened by impossibility results.
Wang et al. [2026a] prove a self-evolution trilemma: in self-evolving AI societies, continuous self-
evolution, complete isolation from external correction, and safety invariance cannot coexist. This
result implies that passive safety—relying on training-time alignment alone—is provably insufficient
for agents that evolve their behavior over extended interactions. Active, runtime enforcement of
behavioral specifications is not merely desirable; it is a theoretical necessity.
Our Contribution
We introduce Agent Behavioral Contracts (ABC), a formal framework that brings Design-by-Contract [Meyer,
1992] principles to autonomous AI agents. Our contributions are:
1. We define the ABC contract structure C = (P,I,G,R), formalizing agent behavioral expecta-
tions as a tuple of Preconditions, Invariants (hard and soft), Governance policies (hard and
soft), and Recovery mechanisms (Section 3).
2. We introduce (p,δ,k)-satisfaction, a probabilistic contract compliance framework that accounts
for LLM non-determinism: contracts hold with probability at least p, deviations remain within
tolerance δ, and recovery occurs within k steps (Section 3).
2

3. We prove a Stochastic Drift Bound Theorem using Lyapunov stability analysis of an Ornstein–
Uhlenbeck drift model, showing that contracts with recovery rate γ > α (the natural drift
rate) bound behavioral drift to D∗ = α/γ in expectation, with Gaussian concentration and a
closed-form contract design criterion (Section 4).
4. We present ContractSpec, a YAML-based domain-specific language for specifying agent
behavioral contracts, supporting hard/soft constraint separation, expression-based predicates,
and file-reference composition for multi-agent pipelines (Section 5).
5. We introduce AgentAssert, a runtime enforcement library implementing the ABC framework
with sub-10ms per-action overhead (Section 5).
6. We prove a Compositionality Theorem establishing sufficient conditions (interface compatibility,
assumption discharge, governance consistency, recovery independence) under which individual
contract guarantees compose into end-to-end guarantees for multi-agent chains, with quantified
probabilistic degradation bounds (Section 4).
7. We create AgentContract-Bench, a benchmark of 200 scenarios spanning 7 domains and
6 stress profiles, designed to evaluate contract enforcement across diverse agent deployment
contexts (Section 6).
8. We evaluate ABC across 1,980 sessions on 7 models from 6 vendors, demonstrating that con-
tracted agents detect 5.2–6.8 soft violations per session invisible to uncontracted baselines
(p < 0.0001), bound drift to D∗ < 0.27 with 17–100% recovery success, and achieve reliability
Θ > 0.90 across all models (Section 7).
Paper Structure
The remainder of this paper is organized as follows. Section 2 surveys related work in Design-by-
Contract, contract theory, runtime verification, and AI agent safety. Section 3 presents the formal
ABC framework, including contract structure, (p,δ,k)-satisfaction, the behavioral drift score, and
operational metrics. Section 4 proves drift bounds via Lyapunov analysis, establishes the com-
positionality theorem, and analyzes runtime complexity. Section 5 describes the ContractSpec
DSL and the AgentAssert runtime enforcement library. Section 6 introduces AgentContract-
Bench. Section 7 reports experimental results. Section 8 discusses implications, limitations, and
future directions. Section 9 concludes.
2 Background and Related Work
The ABC framework draws on and extends several established research traditions: Design-by-
Contract in software engineering, contract theory for cyber-physical systems, runtime monitoring
and verification, and the rapidly evolving landscape of AI agent safety. We survey each in turn,
positioning ABC relative to the state of the art.
2.1 Design by Contract
The Design-by-Contract (DbC) paradigm, introduced by Meyer [1992] and elaborated in Meyer
[1997], formalizes the obligations between software components as preconditions, postconditions,
and class invariants. DbC has been operationalized in specification languages such as JML for
3

Java [Leavens et al., 2006] and Spec# for C# [Barnett et al., 2004], enabling static and runtime
verification of contractual obligations in traditional software.
The extension of DbC to neural and neurosymbolic systems is recent. Leoveanu-Condrei [2025]
propose a neurosymbolic contract layer for trustworthy agent design, defining preconditions and
postconditions over individual LLM calls. This work is the closest conceptual predecessor to ABC
in the DbC tradition. However, it is limited to single LLM invocations—it does not address multi-
turn behavioral drift, multi-agent composition, soft constraint recovery, or runtime governance
enforcement over extended sessions. ABC generalizes the DbC paradigm from individual function
calls to autonomous agent sessions, introducing invariants that must hold across time, governance
constraints over actions, recovery mechanisms for soft violations, and a compositionality theorem
for multi-agent chains.
2.2 Contract Theory for Cyber-Physical Systems
Contract-based design has a rich history in cyber-physical systems (CPS). The meta-theory of
Benveniste et al. [2018] provides a unifying algebraic framework for assume-guarantee contracts,
establishing composition operators, refinement relations, and compatibility conditions across het-
erogeneous component models. Assume-guarantee reasoning [Henzinger et al., 1998] decomposes
system-level verification into per-component obligations, a principle that ABC extends to multi-
agent AI pipelines through its compositionality theorem (Theorem 4.9).
In the stochastic setting, Li et al. [2017] develop stochastic assume-guarantee contracts for CPS
under probabilistic requirements, and Hampus and Nyberg [2024] extend probabilistic contracts
to cyber-physical architectures. These works establish the theoretical foundations for reasoning
about contracts in the presence of uncertainty—a necessity shared by AI agents, whose outputs are
inherently non-deterministic.
Most recently, Ye and Tan [2026] introduce “Agent Contracts” for resource-bounded autonomous
AI systems. Their framework formalizes resource governance: multi-dimensional constraints on
token consumption, execution time, cost budgets, and delegation hierarchies, with conservation
laws ensuring delegated budgets respect parent constraints. The ABC framework is complementary:
whereas Ye and Tan [2026] govern how much an agent may consume (resource contracts), ABC
governs how an agent must behave (behavioral contracts)—specifying preconditions, invariants,
drift bounds, and recovery mechanisms over the agent’s actions and outputs. The two frameworks
address orthogonal concerns and could be composed: resource contracts bounding computation,
behavioral contracts bounding behavior.
ABC extends the CPS contract tradition to autonomous AI agents. The key technical differences
are: (i) the state space in CPS contracts is typically continuous and governed by physical dynam-
ics, whereas agent state spaces encompass natural language context, tool invocation history, and
semantic content; (ii) CPS contracts assume well-characterized noise models (e.g., Gaussian sensor
noise), whereas LLM non-determinism arises from discrete token sampling, temperature scaling, and
context window effects; and (iii) CPS contracts do not address behavioral drift—a phenomenon spe-
cific to autoregressive models operating over extended horizons. The (p,δ,k)-satisfaction framework
(Definition 3.7) bridges this gap by defining probabilistic guarantees tailored to the recovery-centric
nature of LLM agent behavior.
2.3 Runtime Monitoring and Verification
Runtime verification (RV) monitors system executions against formal specifications, typically ex-
pressed in temporal logic [Leucker and Schallhart, 2009]. Bauer et al. [2011] develop efficient online
4

monitoring algorithms for linear temporal logic (LTL) and timed LTL properties, enabling real-time
verification of safety and liveness requirements. These techniques provide the theoretical underpin-
ning for ABC’s runtime enforcement loop, which evaluates contract predicates at each agent action.
In the reinforcement learning setting, Alshiekh et al. [2018] introduce shielding—synthesizing a
reactive system (a “shield”) from temporal logic specifications that intercepts unsafe actions before
they are executed. Shielding provides strong safety guarantees while preserving the convergence
properties of the underlying learning algorithm. However, shielding assumes a formal environment
model from which the shield can be synthesized, a requirement that is infeasible for LLM agents
operating in open-ended natural language environments. ABC achieves analogous runtime enforce-
ment using declarative behavioral contracts evaluated over runtime observations, without requiring
a synthesized environment model.
Two recent systems apply formal verification ideas to LLM agents. VeriGuard [Miculicich
et al., 2025] combines offline formal verification of a behavioral policy with online monitoring during
execution, providing safety guarantees through a dual-stage architecture. StepShield [Felicia et al.,
2026] introduces a benchmark for temporal detection of agent violations, measuring not merely
whether violations are detected but when—introducing metrics such as Early Intervention Rate and
Intervention Gap that quantify the timeliness of enforcement.
ABC differs from these approaches in two respects. First, ABC’s contract structure is specification-
first: contracts are defined declaratively via ContractSpec before deployment, rather than in-
ferred from verification of generated code (VeriGuard) or evaluated post-hoc from execution
traces (StepShield). Second, ABC integrates behavioral drift detection as a leading indicator (Re-
mark 3.16), enabling preemptive intervention before constraint violations materialize—a capability
absent from both VeriGuard and StepShield.
2.4 AI Agent Safety and Governance
The safety of LLM-based agents has attracted intense research attention, producing a diverse land-
scape of approaches that we organize by methodology.
Training-time alignment. Constitutional AI [Bai et al., 2022] trains models to adhere to a set
of behavioral principles through self-critique and revision, producing outputs that are more aligned
with human values. RLHF [Ouyang et al., 2022] fine-tunes models using human preference data to
improve instruction-following and reduce harmful outputs. These approaches are complementary to
ABC: they improve the baseline behavior of the underlying model, reducing the frequency of con-
tract violations, but they cannot enforce deployment-specific constraints, adapt to novel operational
requirements, or provide formal compliance guarantees at runtime.
Output filtering and guardrails. NeMo Guardrails [Rebedea et al., 2023] provides a pro-
grammable framework for constraining LLM application behavior through topical rails, safety rails,
and dialog management. Guardrails AI [Guardrails AI, 2024] is the most widely deployed open-
source LLM output validation library, providing validators for structured output, PII detection,
toxicity filtering, and hallucination checks on individual LLM responses. While effective for per-
response output filtering, both NeMo Guardrails and Guardrails AI operate on individual responses
without maintaining state across turns, do not specify session-level preconditions or invariants, do
not detect behavioral drift over multi-turn interactions, and do not provide formal compliance guar-
antees or recovery mechanisms. ABC operates at a fundamentally different granularity: session-level
behavioral contracts rather than per-response output validation.
5

Specification-based enforcement. The most directly comparable works to ABC are specification-
based systems that define and enforce behavioral rules for agents.
AgentSpec [Wang et al., 2026b], accepted at ICSE 2026, introduces a customizable runtime
enforcement framework with a rule-based DSL for specifying safety properties of LLM agents.
AgentSpec supports both preventive and corrective enforcement modes and evaluates on We-
bArena and ToolEmu benchmarks. However, AgentSpec does not provide probabilistic compli-
ance guarantees (it treats constraints as deterministic rules), does not model or detect behavioral
drift, and does not establish compositionality conditions for multi-agent systems.
Pro2Guard [Wang et al., 2025] extends the runtime enforcement paradigm with probabilistic
model checking via discrete-time Markov chains (DTMCs). By learning transition probabilities
from execution traces, Pro2Guard enables proactive enforcement that anticipates likely violations.
This is the closest methodological competitor to ABC: both frameworks reason probabilistically about
agent behavior. The key distinction is that Pro2Guard is reactive—it learns its probabilistic model
from observed traces and refines enforcement accordingly—whereas ABC is proactive—behavioral
expectations are specified as contracts before deployment, with probabilistic guarantees derived
from the contract structure itself. Additionally, Pro2Guard does not provide a contract DSL, a
compositionality theorem, or a behavioral drift metric.
Agent-C [Dong et al., 2025] defines a DSL for temporal safety constraints and uses SMT solv-
ing to enforce compliance during generation. By integrating constraint checking into the decoding
process, Agent-C achieves high conformance rates on benchmarks requiring temporal ordering of
actions (e.g., “authenticate before accessing records”). ABC differs in scope and mechanism: whereas
Agent-C focuses on temporal ordering constraints enforced at generation time, ABC specifies be-
havioral contracts encompassing preconditions, invariants, governance, and recovery, enforced at
runtime across entire sessions. Agent-C does not address probabilistic satisfaction, composition-
ality, or behavioral drift.
Incident response and governance frameworks. Xiao et al. [2026] introduce AIR, a domain-
specific language for managing incident response in LLM agents, supporting detection, containment,
recovery, and eradication of safety incidents. AIR achieves >90% success rates across its incident
lifecycle. The distinction from ABC is one of orientation: AIR is reactive, responding to incidents
after they occur; ABC is proactive, specifying contracts that prevent violations or bound their impact
a priori. The two approaches are complementary—AIR could serve as the escalation layer when
ABC recovery mechanisms are exhausted.
AGENTSAFE [Khan et al., 2025] proposes a unified governance framework spanning design-
time, runtime, and audit controls for agentic AI, including anomaly detection and interruptibility
mechanisms. POLARIS [Moslemi et al., 2026], presented at the AAAI 2026 Workshop, introduces
governed orchestration for enterprise workflows with typed planning and validator-gated execution.
Both frameworks operate at a higher level of abstraction than ABC, providing governance architec-
ture rather than formal behavioral contracts with mathematical guarantees.
2.5 Agent Behavioral Drift
Behavioral drift in AI agents—the progressive divergence of agent behavior from intended specifica-
tions over extended interactions—has recently emerged as a recognized phenomenon. Rath [2026]
provide the first systematic study, introducing an Agent Stability Index (ASI) and demonstrating
that multi-agent LLM systems exhibit measurable behavioral degradation over extended interac-
tions. Their work establishes that drift is a real and quantifiable problem; ABC provides the formal
machinery to prevent it.
6

Table 1: Comparison of agent safety and specification frameworks. A checkmark (✓) indicates the
feature is supported; a dash (–) indicates it is absent; “Partial” indicates limited or indirect support.
Feature ABC AgentSpec Pro2Guard Agent-C VeriGuard AIR Ye ’26
Formal contracts ✓ Partial – – Partial – ✓
Probabilistic guarantees ✓ – ✓ – – – –
Drift detection ✓ – – – – – –
Contract DSL ✓ ✓ – ✓ – ✓ –
Compositionality ✓ – – – – – ✓
Runtime enforcement ✓ ✓ ✓ ✓ ✓ ✓ ✓
Recovery mechanisms ✓ Partial – – – ✓ –
Resource governance – – – – – – ✓
The concept of drift in machine learning more broadly is well-studied under the umbrella of
concept drift [Gama et al., 2014], which addresses changes in the underlying data distribution
over time. ABC’s behavioral drift score D(t) (Definition 3.12) adapts the concept drift framework
to the agent setting by combining a compliance-gap component (a lagging indicator of constraint
violations) with a Jensen–Shannon divergence component (a leading indicator of distributional shift
in the agent’s action space).
The theoretical necessity of active drift prevention is underscored by recent impossibility results.
Wang et al. [2026a] prove that in self-evolving AI societies, safety alignment inevitably degrades
absent external intervention—a result that validates ABC’s approach of continuous runtime en-
forcement rather than reliance on static, training-time alignment. Cartagena and Teixeira [2026]
demonstrate empirically that text-level safety does not transfer to tool-call safety, confirming that
behavioral contracts must operate at the action level, not merely the output level.
2.6 Positioning ABC
Table 1 summarizes the landscape. ABC is, to our knowledge, the only framework that simultane-
ously provides formal behavioral contracts, probabilistic compliance guarantees, behavioral drift de-
tection, a specification DSL, compositionality for multi-agent pipelines, and runtime enforcement—a
unified full-stack approach from theory to implementation.
The closest works along individual dimensions are: AgentSpec for rule-based runtime enforce-
ment, Pro2Guard for probabilistic reasoning about agent behavior, Agent-C for constraint DSLs
with formal backing, VeriGuard for verified agent behavior, and Ye and Tan [2026] for resource-
bounded contract governance. No prior work provides the combination of proactive behavioral
specification, probabilistic guarantees with bounded drift, compositionality, and a practical DSL
and runtime library that ABC delivers.
3 The ABC Framework
We now present the formal foundations of Agent Behavioral Contracts (ABC). The framework
introduces a contract structure that distinguishes hard constraints (which must never be violated)
from soft constraints (which admit transient violations provided recovery occurs within a bounded
window). This distinction is motivated by the non-deterministic nature of large language model
outputs: demanding perfect compliance at every step is both impractical and unnecessary when
effective recovery mechanisms exist.
7

We develop the theory in stages. Section 3.1 defines the contract tuple. Section 3.2 establishes
deterministic satisfaction as a baseline. Section 3.3 introduces (p,δ,k)-satisfaction, our central
definition. Section 3.4 proves that recovery transforms exponential compliance decay into linear
decay. Section 3.5 defines the behavioral drift score, a two-component metric that serves as both a
diagnostic and a predictive signal. Section 3.6 summarizes additional operational metrics.
3.1 Contract Structure
Definition 3.1 (Agent Behavioral Contract). An Agent Behavioral Contract is a tuple
C = (P, I , I , G , G , R),
hard soft hard soft
where:
1. P = {p ,...,p } is a finite set of preconditions: predicates over the initial state s that must
1 m 0
hold before the agent begins execution.
2. I = {ih,...,ih } is a finite set of hard invariants: predicates over states that must hold at
hard 1 n h
every step of execution. Hard invariants encode safety-critical properties such as “no personally
identifiable information is emitted” or “data access is restricted to authorized sources.” A single
violation of any hard invariant constitutes a contract breach.
3. I = {is,...,is } is a finite set of soft invariants: predicates over states that may be tran-
soft 1 ns
siently violated provided recovery occurs within a bounded window. Soft invariants encode
desirable-but-recoverable properties such as “response maintains professional tone” or “confi-
dence scores exceed threshold θ.”
4. G = {gh,...,gh } is a finite set of hard governance constraints1: predicates over actions
hard 1 l
that must hold forh every action the agent takes. These encode zero-tolerance operational
bounds such as spending limits, prohibited tool invocations, or forbidden output categories.
5. G = {gs,...,gs } is a finite set of soft governance constraints: predicates over actions that
soft 1 ls
admit transient violations with recovery. Examples include token budget warnings, response
latency thresholds, and soft timeout advisories.
6. R: (I ∪ G ) × S ⇀ A∗ is a recovery mechanism: a partial mapping from a violated soft
soft soft
constraint and the current state to a finite sequence of corrective actions. When R(c,s) is
defined, its length is at most k . When R(c,s) is undefined—i.e., no automated recovery is
max
available for constraint c in state s—the monitor emits a RecoveryFailed event and defers
to external intervention (human operator or orchestrator).
We write I = I ∪I and G = G ∪G when the hard/soft distinction is not relevant. For
hard soft hard soft
brevity, we occasionally use the shorthand C = (P,I,G,R) where I = I ∪I , G = G ∪G ,
hard soft hard soft
and the hard/soft partition is implicit.
Remark 3.2 (Safety and Liveness Interpretation). In the taxonomy of temporal properties [Alpern
and Schneider, 1987], hard constraints (I , G ) are safety properties: they assert that “some-
hard hard
thing bad never happens.” Soft constraints (I , G ) with recovery window k encode bounded
soft soft
1We use “governance” in the operational sense: runtime-enforceable constraints on agent actions (spending limits,
tool restrictions, output filters). This is distinct from the broader “AI governance” discourse concerning policy,
regulation, and societal oversight of AI systems [Cihon et al., 2021]. Our governance constraints are the runtime
mechanism through which high-level AI governance policies can be operationalized at the individual agent level.
8

liveness: they assert that “something good eventually happens within k steps.” The bounded recov-
ery window k distinguishes ABC soft constraints from standard liveness properties, which impose no
finite deadline. This bounded-liveness semantics is essential for practical deployment: an unbounded
recovery promise is operationally indistinguishable from no recovery promise at all.
Definition 3.3 (Execution Trace). An execution trace of length T is a finite alternating sequence
of states and actions:
τ = (s ,a ,s ,a ,...,s ,a ,s ),
0 0 1 1 T−1 T−1 T
where s ∈ S denotes the agent’s state at step t and a ∈ A denotes the action taken at step t. The
t t
state space S encompasses the agent’s internal context (e.g., conversation history, accumulated tool
outputs, working memory) and the observable environment. The action space A encompasses all
outputs the agent may produce (e.g., text responses, tool calls, API invocations).
3.2 Contract Satisfaction (Deterministic)
We first define satisfaction in the deterministic setting, which serves as the foundation for the
probabilistic extension.
Definition 3.4 (Deterministic Contract Satisfaction). An agent A satisfies contract C = (P,I,G,R)
over an execution trace τ = (s ,a ,...,s ) if all of the following conditions hold:
0 0 T
1. Precondition validity. Every precondition holds at the initial state:
∀p ∈ P : p(s ) = true.
0
2. Invariant compliance. Every invariant holds at every state along the trace:
∀t ∈ {0,...,T}, ∀i ∈ I : i(s ) = true.
t
3. Governance compliance. Every governance constraint holds for every action:
∀t ∈ {0,...,T − 1}, ∀g ∈ G : g(a ) = true.
t
4. Recoverability. For every soft constraint violation, the recovery mechanism restores com-
pliance within k steps:
∀t, ∀c ∈ I ∪ G : ¬c(s ,a ) =⇒ ∃t′ ∈ {t,...,min(t + k, T)} : c(s ,a ) = true.
soft soft t t t′ t′
We write A |= C to denote that agent A satisfies contract C over all traces induced by A.
Remark 3.5. Deterministic satisfaction is a useful theoretical baseline, but it is too stringent for
LLM-based agents. The stochastic nature of token sampling means that even well-aligned agents
produce occasional soft violations. The next subsection relaxes this to a probabilistic guarantee.
3.3 Probabilistic (p,δ,k)-Satisfaction
This is the central definition of the ABC framework. It captures the key insight that hard constraints
require high-probability guarantees of persistent compliance, while soft constraints require high-
probability guarantees of recoverable compliance.
We first define the compliance scores that the probabilistic conditions reference.
9

Definition 3.6 (Hard and Soft Compliance Scores). Given contract C and execution trace τ, define
the hard compliance score and soft compliance score at step t as:
(cid:12) (cid:12)
C(t) (t) =
(cid:12){c ∈ I
hard
∪ G
hard
: c(s
t
,a
t
) = true}(cid:12)
, (1)
hard
|I ∪ G |
hard hard
(cid:12) (cid:12)
C(t) (t) =
(cid:12){c ∈ I
soft
∪ G
soft
: c(s
t
,a
t
) = true}(cid:12)
. (2)
soft
|I ∪ G |
soft soft
Both scores lie in [0,1], with C(t) (t) = 1 indicating full hard compliance and C(t) (t) = 1
hard soft
indicating full soft compliance at step t.
Definition 3.7 ((p,δ,k)-Satisfaction). Let p ∈ [0,1] be a probability threshold, δ ∈ [0,1] an allowed
soft deviation, k ∈ N a recovery window, and T ∈ N a session length. An agent A (p,δ,k)-satisfies
contract C over session length T, written
A |= C,
p,δ,k
if both of the following conditions hold:
(i) Hard guarantee (persistent compliance).
(cid:104) (cid:12) (cid:105)
P C(t) (t) = 1 ∀t ∈ {0,...,T} (cid:12) P(s ) ≥ p. (3)
hard (cid:12) 0
(ii) Soft guarantee (recoverable compliance).
(cid:104) (cid:12) (cid:105)
P ∀t ∈ {0,...,T} : C(t) (t) < 1−δ =⇒ ∃t′ ∈ {t,...,min(t+k,T)} : C(t) (t′) ≥ 1−δ (cid:12) P(s ) ≥ p.
soft soft (cid:12) 0
(4)
The parameters have the following interpretation:
• p: the minimum probability with which the guarantee must hold. For safety-critical deploy-
ments, p ≥ 0.99; for advisory agents, p ≥ 0.90 may suffice.
• δ: the tolerable deviation in soft compliance. Setting δ = 0 requires perfect soft compliance
whenever the soft guarantee holds; δ = 0.1 allows up to 10% of soft constraints to be violated
at any given step.
• k: the recovery window in steps. A soft violation at step t is acceptable if compliance is
restored by step t + k. Smaller k demands faster recovery.
• T: the session length (total number of steps). Longer sessions require stronger per-step
guarantees to maintain the same overall probability p.
Remark 3.8 (Novelty of the Recovery Window Parameter). The recovery window k is, to our knowl-
edge, the first formal inclusion of a bounded recovery horizon as a first-class parameter in a contract
satisfaction definition. Prior Design-by-Contract frameworks [Meyer, 1992] and runtime verification
systems [Leucker and Schallhart, 2009] treat violations as binary pass/fail events with no notion of
time-bounded recovery. The k-parameter bridges formal contracts and practical LLM deployment:
it quantifies how much “slack” an agent is allowed before a transient deviation becomes a reportable
failure, enabling principled tuning of the strictness–availability trade-off.
10

Remark 3.9 (Connection to Probabilistic Computation Tree Logic). The (p,δ,k)-satisfaction con-
ditions have natural counterparts in Probabilistic Computation Tree Logic (PCTL) [Hansson and
Jonsson, 1994]. The hard guarantee (3) corresponds to the PCTL formula
(cid:2) (cid:3)
P G(C(t) = 1) ,
≥p hard
which asserts that with probability at least p, the hard compliance score is globally (at every step)
equal to 1. The soft guarantee (4) corresponds to
(cid:104) (cid:105)
(cid:0) (cid:1)
P G C(t) < 1 − δ =⇒ F (C(t) ≥ 1 − δ) ,
≥p soft ≤k soft
which asserts that with probability at least p, it is globally true that any soft compliance drop
below 1 − δ is eventually (within k steps) recovered. This connection to PCTL enables the use of
established model-checking techniques for verification when the agent’s transition structure can be
approximated as a finite Markov decision process.
3.4 Recovery Transforms Exponential Decay to Linear Decay
The following lemma establishes the fundamental value of recovery mechanisms: they convert an
exponentially decaying compliance probability into a linearly decaying one.
Lemma 3.10 (Recovery Linearizes Compliance Decay). Let q ∈ (0,1) denote the per-step compli-
ance probability (i.e., at each step t, the agent satisfies all relevant constraints with probability q,
independently). Let r ∈ [0,1] denote the recovery effectiveness: given a violation, the recovery
mechanism restores compliance with probability r within the allowed window. Then:
1. Without recovery. The probability of sustained compliance over T steps decays exponentially:
P(cid:2) compliance over T steps (cid:3) = qT. (5)
2. With recovery. The probability of recoverable compliance over T steps satisfies:
P(cid:2) recoverable compliance over T steps (cid:3) ≥ 1 − T(1 − q)(1 − r). (6)
Proof. The first claim follows directly from the independence assumption: compliance at each step
occurs with probability q, so compliance at all T steps occurs with probability qT.
For the second claim, we apply a union bound. Define the event F as the event that step t incurs
t
a violation and recovery fails to restore compliance within the recovery window. The probability of
a violation at step t is 1 − q. Conditional on a violation, recovery fails with probability 1 − r. By
independence of the violation and recovery events:
P[F ] = (1 − q)(1 − r).
t
The system experiences an unrecoverable failure if any step incurs both a violation and a recovery
failure. By the union bound:
(cid:20)T−1 (cid:21) T−1
(cid:91) (cid:88)
P F ≤ P[F ] = T(1 − q)(1 − r).
t t
t=0 t=0
Therefore, the probability that all violations are successfully recovered is:
(cid:20)T−1 (cid:21)
P(cid:2)recoverable compliance over T steps(cid:3) = 1 − P (cid:91) F ≥ 1 − T(1 − q)(1 − r).
t
t=0
11

Example 3.11. Consider an agent with per-step compliance q = 0.99 over a session of T =
100 steps. Without recovery, the probability of sustained compliance is 0.99100 ≈ 0.366—a coin
flip is more reliable. With a recovery mechanism of effectiveness r = 0.95, the bound becomes
1 − 100 · 0.01 · 0.05 = 1 − 0.05 = 0.95. Recovery transforms a 36.6% compliance probability into a
95% guarantee: a qualitative shift from unreliable to deployable.
3.5 Behavioral Drift Score
Compliance scores detect violations after they occur. We introduce the behavioral drift score2
D(t)(t) as a composite metric that combines a reactive compliance component with a predictive
distributional component, enabling early detection of emerging misalignment.
Definition 3.12 (Behavioral Drift Score). The behavioral drift score at step t is defined as:
D(t)(t) = w · D(t) (t) + w · D(t) (t), (7)
c compliance d distributional
where w ,w ≥ 0 with w + w = 1 (with application-specific tuning; in practice, weighting the
c d c d
compliance component more heavily than the distributional component), and the components are:
Compliance drift. The weighted compliance gap at step t:
(cid:80) (cid:0) (cid:1)
w 1 − σ (t)
D(t) (t) = 1 − C(t)(t) = i i i , (8)
compliance (cid:80)
w
i i
where σ (t) ∈ {0,1} indicates whether constraint i is satisfied at step t, and w > 0 is the weight
i i
assigned to constraint i.
Distributional drift. The Jensen–Shannon divergence between the observed and reference action
distributions:
D(t) (t) = JSD (cid:0) P (t) ∥ P (cid:1) , (9)
distributional observed reference
where P (t) is the empirical action distribution computed over a sliding window of recent
observed
actions, and P is a calibrated reference distribution obtained from a compliant baseline (e.g.,
reference
the action distribution during a validated calibration session).
Remark 3.13 (Interpretability of D(t) Values). The drift score D(t) ∈ [0,1] admits the following
operational interpretation:
• D(t) = 0: perfect compliance and distributional alignment.
• D(t) ∈ (0,θ ]: negligible drift; no intervention required.
1
• D(t) ∈ (θ ,θ ]: mild drift; monitoring should increase in frequency.
1 2
• D(t) > θ : significant drift; active intervention is recommended.
2
The threshold parameters θ and θ are deployment-specific and empirically calibrated. Typical
1 2
enterprise deployments use low single-digit and mid-range values respectively. Both thresholds are
exposed as configurable parameters in the contract specification.
Proposition 3.14 (Properties of the Drift Score). The behavioral drift score D(t)(t) satisfies:
1. Boundedness. D(t)(t) ∈ [0,1] for all t.
2Our behavioral drift score D(t) is distinct from the Agent Stability Index (ASI) proposed by Rath [2024]. The
ASI measures distributional shift in the model’s output embedding space across sessions and serves as a model-
level diagnostic. Our D(t) is a contract-level metric: it combines a compliance component (fraction of violated
constraints) with a distributional component (JSD over the action vocabulary), computed per-step and tied directly
to the enforcement loop. The two metrics are complementary; see Section 2 for a detailed comparison.
12

2. Minimality. D(t)(t) = 0 if and only if full compliance holds (C(t)(t) = 1) and the observed
action distribution is identical to the reference distribution (P (t) = P ).
observed reference
3. Incremental computability. D(t)(t) can be updated incrementally with complexity linear in
the number of constraints and the action vocabulary size.
√
4. Metric structure. The square root of the Jensen–Shannon divergence, JSD, is a metric
on probability distributions and satisfies the triangle inequality [Endres and Schindelin, 2003].
Proof. (1) Both D(t) (t) ∈ [0,1] (since C(t)(t) ∈ [0,1]) and D(t) (t) ∈ [0,1] (the
compliance distributional
Jensen–Shannon divergence with logarithm base 2 is bounded by 1). Since w + w = 1 with
c d
w ,w ≥ 0, the convex combination lies in [0,1].
c d
(2) The forward direction: D(t)(t) = 0 requires both w · D(t) (t) = 0 and w ·
c compliance d
D(t) (t) = 0. Since w ,w > 0 in the default parameterization, this forces D(t) (t) =
distributional c d compliance
0 (i.e., C(t)(t) = 1) and JSD(P (t)∥P ) = 0 (i.e., distributional identity). The converse
observed reference
is immediate.
(3) The compliance component requires evaluating each constraint, contributing cost linear in
the constraint set size. The distributional component maintains a histogram over the sliding window;
inserting and removing one action and recomputing JSD costs linear in the action vocabulary size.
(4) Proven by Endres and Schindelin [2003]; see also Österreicher and Vajda [2003].
Remark 3.15 (Meaningfulness of the Distributional Component). The JSD distributional component
of D(t) requires a sufficiently rich action vocabulary to produce informative signals. When the action
space is insufficiently diverse, the empirical action distribution may be sparse and distributional
measures exhibit high variance. In such cases, practitioners should either increase the observation
window to smooth the estimate, or adjust the component weights to emphasize constraint-based
compliance over distributional alignment. For typical enterprise deployments with diverse tool
invocations, text categories, and API call types, the action vocabulary is easily sufficient.
Remark 3.16 (Leading vs. Lagging Indicators). The two components of the drift score serve comple-
mentary diagnostic roles. The compliance drift D(t) (t) is a lagging indicator: it registers
compliance
non-zero values only after a constraint violation has already occurred. The distributional drift
D(t) (t) is a leading indicator: it can detect shifts in the agent’s action distribution—such
distributional
as increased use of hedging language, atypical tool invocation patterns, or drifting topic focus—
before these shifts manifest as explicit constraint violations. This early-warning capability is critical
for preemptive intervention.
For fine-grained diagnostics, we decompose the drift score into its constituent sources.
Definition 3.17 (Diagnostic Decomposition Vector). The diagnostic decomposition vector at step t
is:
D ⃗ (t)(t) = (cid:0) D(t) (t), D(t) (t), D(t) (t), D(t) (t) (cid:1) , (10)
P I G distributional
where D(t) (t), D(t) (t), and D(t) (t) are the compliance gaps restricted to precondition-derived,
P I G
invariant, and governance constraints, respectively. This vector enables operators to pinpoint
whether drift originates from invariant violations, governance breaches, or distributional shift, and
to route alerts to the appropriate remediation pathway.
3.6 Additional Operational Metrics
We briefly define three additional metrics that complement the compliance and drift scores in
operational deployments.
13

Definition 3.18 (Recovery Effectiveness). The recovery effectiveness for a violation event at step t
is:
∆t
E(t) = recovery , (11)
ν(t)
where ∆t is the number of steps required to restore compliance and ν(t) ∈ (0,1] is the severity
recovery
of the violation (defined as the magnitude of the compliance drop). Lower values of E indicate more
effective recovery. We define the session-level recovery effectiveness as E = 1 (cid:80) E(t), where V
|V| t∈V
is the set of violation events.
Definition 3.19 (Stress Resilience Index). The stress resilience index measures compliance degra-
dation under adversarial or high-load conditions:
E(cid:2)
C(t)(t) |
stressed(cid:3)
S = , (12)
E(cid:2)
C(t)(t) |
baseline(cid:3)
where the expectations are taken over steps within stressed and baseline sessions, respectively. A
value S = 1 indicates no degradation under stress; S < 1 quantifies the compliance penalty imposed
by adversarial conditions.
Definition 3.20 (Agent Reliability Index). The agent reliability index is a weighted composite that
summarizes an agent’s overall contractual fitness:
1
Θ = α · C(t) + α · (1 − D(t)) + α · + α · S, (13)
1 2 3 4
1 + E
where C(t) and D(t) denote the time-averaged compliance and drift scores over the session, the
term 1 maps recovery effectiveness to [0,1] (with lower E yielding higher contribution), and the
1+E
weights satisfy (cid:80)4 α = 1. The component weights are application-specific, with typical enterprise
i=1 i
deployments weighting compliance most heavily, followed by drift stability, recovery efficiency, and
stress resilience. The index Θ ∈ [0,1] provides a single scalar summary suitable for comparing
agents, tracking reliability over time, and establishing deployment thresholds.
4 Drift Prevention via Contracts
This section provides the theoretical backbone of the ABC framework. We model behavioral drift as
a continuous-time stochastic process (Section 4.1), derive tight probabilistic bounds on drift under
contract enforcement (Section 4.2), establish sufficient conditions for safe contract composition in
multi-agent chains (Section 4.3), and analyze the runtime cost of contract checking (Section 4.4).
4.1 Drift Dynamics Model
We model the behavioral drift of a contracted agent as a continuous-time stochastic process governed
by three competing forces: a natural tendency to deviate from specification, a restorative force
exerted by contract enforcement, and stochastic perturbations inherent to LLM non-determinism.
Definition 4.1 (Drift Dynamics). Let D(t) ≥ 0 denote the behavioral drift of an agent at time
t ≥ 0, measured as the JSD divergence between the agent’s observed action distribution and the
contract-compliant reference distribution (cf. Definition 3.12). The drift evolves according to the
stochastic differential equation
dD(t) = (cid:0) α − γ D(t) (cid:1) dt + σ dW(t), (14)
where the parameters satisfy α > 0, γ > 0, σ > 0, and W(t) is a standard Wiener process.
14

The three terms in (14) admit clear interpretations:
(i) Baseline drift (αdt). In the absence of enforcement, the agent’s behavior naturally diverges
from the contracted specification at rate α. This captures prompt decay, context window
dilution, and the tendency of autoregressive models to amplify small distributional shifts over
extended task horizons.
(ii) Contract recovery (−γ D(t)dt). The enforcement mechanism exerts a restorative force pro-
portional to current drift. When D(t) is large, the corrective signal is strong; when the agent
is near compliance, the force relaxes. The parameter γ is the contract recovery rate—a design-
time knob controlled by the contract’s invariant-checking frequency and the aggressiveness of
its recovery policy R.
(iii) Stochastic perturbation (σ dW(t)). LLM outputs are inherently non-deterministic: identical
prompts yield different completions across invocations. The diffusion coefficient σ quantifies this
irreducible noise floor, encompassing sampling temperature, nucleus truncation, and hardware
floating-point variance.
Remark 4.2. Equation (14) is an instance of the Ornstein–Uhlenbeck (OU) process with mean-
reversion level µ∗ = α/γ, mean-reversion speed γ, and volatility σ. The OU process is one of
the few analytically tractable diffusions: it admits a closed-form transition density, a Gaussian
stationary distribution, and exponential ergodicity bounds—properties we exploit throughout this
section. The restriction D(t) ≥ 0 is a modeling simplification; since the stationary mean α/γ is
√
strictly positive and the stationary standard deviation σ/ 2γ is small relative to the mean for
well-designed contracts (i.e., σ2γ ≪ 2α2, so the stationary standard deviation is small relative to
the mean), the probability of the process reaching zero is negligible in practice.
4.2 Drift Bounds Theorem
We now state the main analytical result of this paper: a comprehensive characterization of behavioral
drift under contract enforcement.
Theorem 4.3 (Stochastic Drift Bound). Let D(t) evolve according to the drift dynamics of Defini-
tion 4.1 with initial condition D(0) = D ≥ 0. Then:
0
(i) Stationary distribution. There exists a unique stationary distribution
(cid:16)α σ2(cid:17)
π = N , . (15)
D
γ 2γ
(ii) Mean drift bound. Under the stationary distribution,
E (cid:2) D(t) (cid:3) = α . (16)
π
γ
In particular, if γ > α then E [D(t)] < 1.
π
(iii) Variance bound. Under the stationary distribution,
Var (cid:0) D(t) (cid:1) =
σ2
. (17)
π
2γ
Higher contract recovery rate γ quadratically reduces the spread of drift fluctuations relative
to the noise level σ.
15

(iv) High-probability bound. For any η > 0,
(cid:16) α (cid:17) (cid:16) γ η2(cid:17)
P D(t) > + η ≤ exp − . (18)
π γ σ2
(v) Exponential convergence. For all t ≥ 0,
E(cid:2) (D(t) − α/γ)2(cid:3) = (D − α/γ)2 e−2γt +
σ2
(cid:0) 1 − e−2γt(cid:1) . (19)
0
2γ
(vi) Contract design criterion. To ensure D(t) < D with probability at least 1 − ε under
max
the stationary distribution, it suffices to choose γ as the larger root of the quadratic
D2 γ2 − (cid:0) 2αD + σ2 ln(1/ε) (cid:1) γ + α2 = 0, (20)
max max
i.e.,
(cid:113)
2αD + σ2 ln(1/ε) + (cid:0) 2αD + σ2 ln(1/ε) (cid:1)2 − 4α2D2
γ ≥ max max max . (21)
2D2
max
When σ2 ln(1/ε) ≪ 2αD , this simplifies to the approximate criterion γ ≳ α/D +
max max
(cid:112)
σ 2ln(1/ε)/(2D ).
max
Proof sketch. Define the centered error process e(t) = D(t)−α/γ. Substituting into (14) yields the
centered OU equation
de(t) = −γ e(t)dt + σ dW(t), (22)
which has zero mean-reversion level and rate γ.
To establish convergence, define the Lyapunov function V (e) = e2 and apply Itô’s formula:
dV = (cid:0) −2γ e2 + σ2(cid:1) dt + 2σ edW(t).
Taking expectations eliminates the martingale term, yielding the deterministic ODE
d
E[V (t)] = −2γ E[V (t)] + σ2.
dt
This linear ODE has solution E[V (t)] = V (0)e−2γt + σ2 (1 − e−2γt), which converges exponentially
2γ
to σ2/(2γ), establishing parts (iii) and (v). The stationary distribution (i) follows from standard
Ornstein–Uhlenbeck theory [Uhlenbeck and Ornstein, 1930]: the unique invariant measure is Gaus-
sian with mean α/γ and variance σ2/(2γ), from which part (ii) is immediate.
The tail bound (iv) applies Gaussian concentration to the stationary distribution: for X ∼
N(µ,σ2) with σ2 = σ2/(2γ),
s s
(cid:16) η2 (cid:17) (cid:16) γ η2(cid:17)
P(X > µ + η) ≤ exp − = exp − .
2σ2 σ2
s
Finally, the design criterion (vi) follows by setting the right-hand side of (18) to ε with η = D −
max
α/γ and solving for γ. The full details are provided in Section A.
Remark 4.4. Theorem 4.3 has direct engineering implications. Part (vi) provides an exact design
rule: given an application’s maximum tolerable drift D and reliability requirement 1 − ε, the
max
contract designer solves the quadratic (20) to obtain the minimum recovery rate γ needed to meet
the specification. In the approximate regime (σ2 ln(1/ε) ≪ 2αD ), the required γ decomposes
max
into two interpretable terms: α/D ensures the mean drift stays below threshold, while the second
max
term σ (cid:112) 2ln(1/ε)/(2D ) provides the additional margin required to absorb stochastic fluctuations
max
at the desired confidence level.
16

4.3 Contract Composition
Enterprise agentic systems rarely consist of a single agent. A typical deployment chains multiple
specialized agents—a planner, a retriever, a coder, a reviewer—into a sequential pipeline. We now
establish conditions under which individual contract guarantees compose into end-to-end guarantees
for the chain.
4.3.1 Serial Composition
Consider a serial chain A → B where agent A produces output consumed by agent B.
Definition 4.5 (Composed Contract). Given contracts C = (P ,I ,G ,R ) and C = (P ,I ,G ,R )
A A A A A B B B B B
for agents A and B respectively, the composed contract for the serial chain A → B is
C = (P , I , G , R ) (23)
A⊕B A⊕B A⊕B A⊕B A⊕B
where:
P = P , (24)
A⊕B A
I = I ∧ I ∧ I , (25)
A⊕B A B handoff
G = G ∪ G (assuming no conflicts), (26)
A⊕B A B
R = compose(R , R , R ), (27)
A⊕B A B cascade
where I is a handoff invariant ensuring safe state transfer between A and B, and R is
handoff cascade
a cascade recovery policy that coordinates individual recovery actions across the chain boundary.
We first define the postcondition of a contracted agent, which appears in the composition con-
ditions below.
Definition 4.6 (Postcondition). The postcondition of agent A under contract C , denoted PostCond ,
A A
is the set of states reachable at termination of A that satisfy all of A’s invariants:
(cid:8) (cid:9)
PostCond = s ∈ S : ∀i ∈ I , i(s) = true .
A A
Safe composition requires four sufficient conditions:
Definition 4.7 (Composition Conditions). A serial chain A → B with contracts C and C satisfies
A B
the composition conditions if:
(C1) Interface Compatibility. Type(PostCond ) ⊆ Type(P ). The output type of A is a
A B
subtype of the input type expected by B.
(C2) Assumption Discharge. PostCond ∧ I ⇒ P . The postcondition of A, together
A handoff B
with the handoff invariant, logically entails the precondition of B.
(C3) Governance Consistency. Define the set-valued functions Allowed(G) = {a ∈ A : ∀g ∈
G, g(a) = true} and Prohibited(G) = {a ∈ A : ∃g ∈ G, g(a) = false}. Then Allowed(G ) ∩
A
Prohibited(G ) = ∅. No action permitted by A’s governance policy is forbidden by B’s.
B
(C4) Recovery Independence. ∀s ∈ S : P (cid:0) state_after(R (s)) (cid:1) = true. After A’s recovery
B A
mechanism fires, the resulting state still satisfies B’s precondition.
17

Remark 4.8 (Standard vs. Novel Composition Conditions). Conditions (C1) and (C2) (interface
compatibility and assumption discharge) are standard in Design-by-Contract composition [Meyer,
1992] and assume-guarantee reasoning [Henzinger et al., 1998]. Conditions (C3) and (C4) (gov-
ernance consistency and recovery independence) are novel contributions of the ABC framework,
motivated by the unique operational requirements of multi-agent LLM pipelines: governance con-
straints span organizational policies (not just type systems), and recovery mechanisms can have
cross-agent side effects that invalidate downstream preconditions.
Theorem 4.9 (Compositionality). Let agents A and B satisfy their respective contracts, i.e., A |=
C and B |= C . If conditions (C1)–(C4) hold, then
A B
Chain(A,B) |= C .
A⊕B
Proof sketch. We verify each component of C . The chain’s precondition P = P holds by
A⊕B A⊕B A
assumption. Since A |= C , agent A terminates in a state satisfying PostCond . Condition (C2)
A A
then guarantees P holds at the handoff point, so B begins execution with a valid precondition.
B
The composed invariant I ∧I ∧I is maintained: I holds during A’s execution by A |= C ,
A B handoff A A
I holds during B’s execution by B |= C , and I holds at the transition by construction.
B B handoff
Condition (C3) ensures the union G ∪ G is conflict-free. Condition (C4) ensures that if A’s
A B
recovery fires, the post-recovery state remains a valid input for B. The full proof, including the
inductive argument for governance consistency through the chain, is provided in Section A.
Remark 4.10 (Recovery Window Composition). When composing contracts with recovery windows
k and k , the composed recovery window is k = max(k ,k ). The maximum (rather than
A B A⊕B A B
the sum) is the correct composition rule because recovery windows operate concurrently within
each agent’s execution phase: a soft violation in A must be recovered within k steps of A’s local
A
trace, not within a global budget shared with B. The composed window therefore reflects the more
demanding of the two per-agent requirements.
4.3.2 Probabilistic Composition
In practice, contract satisfaction is probabilistic (cf. Definition 3.7). We now characterize how
probabilistic guarantees degrade under composition.
Theorem 4.11 (Probabilistic Compositionality). Suppose agent A (p ,δ )-satisfies C and agent B
A A A
(p ,δ )-satisfies C . Let p denote the probability that the handoff invariant I holds, and let
B B B h handoff
δ denote the maximum drift introduced by the handoff mechanism. Assume:
h
(C5) Conditional Independence. Agent B’s contract satisfaction is conditionally independent
of agent A’s internal execution, given that B receives a contract-compliant input from the
handoff: P(E | E ∩ E ) = P(E | E ).
B A h B h
Then the composed chain (p ,δ )-satisfies C with
A⊕B A⊕B A⊕B
p ≥ p · p · p , (28)
A⊕B A B h
δ ≤ δ + δ + δ . (29)
A⊕B A B h
Remark 4.12 (Conditional Independence and Correlated LLM Failures). Condition (C5) is satisfied
when agents A and B operate on separate LLM instances or use distinct model providers. When
both agents share the same underlying LLM, correlated failure modes (e.g., systematic prompt
18

sensitivity, shared training biases) may violate conditional independence. In such settings, the
probability bound (28) becomes optimistic; practitioners should apply a correlation penalty or use
the tighter bound p ≥ p + p · p − 1 (Fréchet–Hoeffding lower bound) as a conservative
A⊕B A B h
alternative.
Proof sketch. The chain satisfies C only if all three events occur: A satisfies C , the handoff
A⊕B A
succeeds, and B satisfies C . By condition (C5) (conditional independence of agent-level failures
B
given contract-compliant inputs), the joint probability is at least p · p · p . The drift bound
A B h
follows from sub-additivity: the maximum end-to-end deviation is bounded by the sum of per-stage
deviations plus the handoff-induced deviation. See Section A for the formal argument.
The following corollary extends the result to chains of arbitrary length.
Corollary 4.13 (N-Agent Chain). For a serial chain of N agents A → A → ··· → A where
1 2 N
each agent A (p ,δ )-satisfies C and each handoff has reliability p and drift δ :
i i i i hi hi
N N−1
(cid:89) (cid:89)
p ≥ p · p , (30)
chain i hi
i=1 i=1
N N−1
(cid:88) (cid:88)
δ ≤ δ + δ . (31)
chain i hi
i=1 i=1
Proof. Follows by inductive application of Theorem 4.11 along the chain.
Remark 4.14 (The Broken Telephone Effect). Corollary 4.13 formalizes the intuitive “broken tele-
phone” effect in multi-agent systems: reliability degrades multiplicatively while drift accumulates
additively. Consider a concrete example: a 5-agent chain where each agent satisfies its contract
with probability p = 0.95 and each handoff succeeds with probability p = 0.98. Then:
i hi
p ≥ 0.955 · 0.984 ≈ 0.7738 × 0.9224 ≈ 0.714.
chain
Similarly, if each agent contributes drift δ = 0.02 and each handoff contributes δ = 0.01:
i hi
δ ≤ 5 × 0.02 + 4 × 0.01 = 0.14.
chain
A chain that appears reliable at the individual level (95% per agent) delivers only ∼ 71.4% end-
to-end reliability, with accumulated drift of 0.14. This quantifies why multi-agent pipelines require
explicit contract enforcement at every stage, not merely at the endpoints. The design criterion of
Theorem 4.3(vi) can be applied independently to each agent in the chain to ensure that per-stage
drift remains within the budget implied by the global δ target.
chain
4.4 Complexity Analysis
For contract enforcement to be practical, the runtime overhead must be negligible relative to the
latency of LLM inference itself (typically 100–2000ms per action). We now show that this is the
case.
Proposition 4.15 (Runtime Contract Checking). Let k denote the number of constraints in a
contract (preconditions, invariants, and governance rules combined) and let |A| denote the size of
the agent’s action vocabulary. The per-action cost of runtime contract checking is
O(k + |A|).
19

Proof. The enforcement loop performs three operations per agent action:
(1) Constraint evaluation. Each of the k constraints (preconditions, invariants, governance
predicates) is evaluated as a Boolean predicate over the current state and proposed action. Each
predicate evaluation is O(1) (pattern matching on action type, range checks on numeric fields, or
set membership for governance whitelists/blacklists). Evaluating all k constraints costs O(k).
(2) Behavioral drift update. The JSD divergence is maintained incrementally via a sliding-
window histogram over the action vocabulary. Updating the histogram upon observing a new
action and recomputing JSD between the observed and reference distributions costs O(|A|), as it
requires a single pass over the |A|-dimensional probability vectors.
(3) Weighted aggregation. The overall compliance score is a weighted sum of constraint satisfac-
tion and drift, computed in O(1).
Combining: O(k) + O(|A|) + O(1) = O(k + |A|).
Remark 4.16 (Practical Overhead). For typical enterprise contracts we observe k < 100 constraints
and action vocabularies of size |A| < 50. At these scales, the measured wall-clock overhead of
contract checking in AgentAssert is consistently below 10ms per action—approximately 0.5–5%
of LLM inference latency. This confirms that contract enforcement is not a bottleneck and can be
deployed on every agent action without perceptible degradation in end-to-end pipeline throughput.
We provide detailed latency benchmarks in Section 7.
5 ContractSpec and AgentAssert
Note: This section describes the design principles and conceptual architecture of our reference im-
plementation. Implementation-specific details including algorithmic pseudocode, class hierarchies,
and configuration parameters are abstracted to focus on the scientific contributions. The complete
implementation is subject to patent protection.
The preceding sections established the formal foundations of Agent Behavioral Contracts (ABC):
the contract tuple C = (P,I ,I ,G ,G ,R) (Section 3), the drift dynamics model, and
hard soft hard soft
provable composition guarantees (Section 4). We now describe the practical realization of these ideas
in two artifacts: ContractSpec, a domain-specific language for specifying agent contracts, and
AgentAssert, a runtime enforcement library that monitors, measures, and recovers compliance
in real time.
5.1 ContractSpec: A Domain-Specific Language for Agent Contracts
ContractSpec is a YAML-based DSL that translates the mathematical contract tuple into a
human-readable, machine-validatable specification. The design reflects three principles:
1. Declarative over imperative. Contract authors specify what must hold, not how to check
it. Constraint evaluation is the runtime’s responsibility.
2. Hybrid syntax. Constraints may be expressed via structured operators (equality, compari-
son, set membership, pattern matching) or via expressive predicates for constraints that resist
structured encoding. This accommodates both simple field checks and complex cross-field
logic.
3. File-reference composition. Pipeline contracts reference per-agent contracts by name or
path, enabling compositional specification without duplication. This directly supports the
composition conditions (C1)–(C4) of Definition 4.7.
A ContractSpec contract maps directly to the components of the ABC tuple:
• Preconditions → P
20

• Hard invariants → I
hard
• Soft invariants → I
soft
• Hard governance → G
hard
• Soft governance → G
soft
• Recovery strategies → R
Additionally, the contract includes configuration for the satisfaction parameters (p,δ,k) (Defini-
tion 3.7), the drift metric weights and thresholds (Definition 3.12), and the reliability index weights
(Definition 3.20).
Constraint operators. Each constraint specifies a check block containing a field path and an
operator. ContractSpec defines a set of standard comparison, membership, pattern-matching,
and range operators covering the majority of enterprise governance predicates. For constraints
involving cross-field comparisons or arithmetic, ContractSpec supports an expression syntax
evaluated in a sandboxed environment with controlled capabilities.
Example: financial advisor contract (abbreviated). The following illustrates the contract
structure. Preconditions verify initial state requirements; hard invariants enforce zero-tolerance
properties (e.g., data protection, regulatory compliance); soft invariants specify recoverable quality
constraints; governance constraints limit agent actions; and recovery strategies define corrective
actions. Satisfaction parameters control the tolerance bounds for soft constraint violations.
contractspec: [version]
kind: agent
name: [agent-name]
preconditions:
- name: required-initial-state
check: {field: ..., operator: ...}
invariants:
hard:
- name: critical-compliance-constraint
category: [compliance domain]
check: {field: ..., operator: ...}
soft:
- name: quality-constraint
check: {field: ..., operator: ...}
recovery: [strategy-reference]
governance:
hard:
- name: action-boundary
category: [governance domain]
check: {field: ..., operator: ...}
recovery:
strategies:
- name: [strategy-name]
21

type: [strategy-type]
action: [corrective-action]
satisfaction:
p: [probability threshold]
delta: [tolerance bound]
k: [recovery window]
Schema validation. Every ContractSpec contract is validated against a JSON Schema that
defines type constraints for agent and pipeline contracts. The schema enforces structural correctness:
constraint-recovery linkage, pipeline stage requirements, and governance category membership from
a predefined taxonomy. Schema validation rejects malformed contracts before runtime evaluation.
Pipeline contracts. For multi-agent pipelines, ContractSpec supports a pipeline variant that
specifies ordered stages, handoff constraints between stages, pipeline-level governance, and a re-
covery coordination strategy. The handoff and governance constraints enforce the composition
conditions of Definition 4.7, and the coordination strategy governs recovery propagation across
stages.
5.2 AgentAssert Architecture
AgentAssert implements the ABC framework as a modular Python library with distinct functional
concerns:
• Parsing and validation: Loads contract specifications, validates structure and semantics,
produces typed contract objects.
• Constraint evaluation: Evaluates preconditions, invariants, and governance constraints
against observed agent state, computes compliance scores.
• Metric tracking: Maintains time-series data for compliance, drift, and recovery effectiveness,
computes the reliability index.
• Runtime orchestration: Coordinates per-turn enforcement, recovery execution, and event
notification.
• Integration: Provides framework-agnostic hooks and framework-specific adapters for agent
platforms.
• Benchmarking: Evaluates contracts against the AgentContract-Bench suite.
The architecture enforces strict layering with no circular dependencies. The core library depends
only on standard Python data-processing libraries for parsing, validation, and expression evaluation.
5.3 Per-Turn Enforcement
The runtime monitor is the central component that orchestrates per-turn contract enforcement. At
each agent execution step, the monitor:
1. Evaluates all contract constraints against the current observed state.
2. Updates compliance and drift metrics based on evaluation results.
3. Emits notification events for violations and drift alerts.
4. Attempts recovery for soft constraint violations within the bounded recovery window.
5. Resets recovery state for constraints that return to satisfaction.
The monitor maintains strict separation between evaluation and recovery: compliance scores reflect
pre-recovery state, ensuring accurate diagnostics. Recovery state is tracked per-constraint with
22

attempt counters that reset upon re-satisfaction, implementing the bounded recovery window of
Definition 3.7. An event notification system provides decoupled observability for external monitoring
and alerting.
Per Proposition 4.15, the per-step computational cost is O(k + |A|) where k is the number of
constraints and |A| is the action vocabulary size. In practice, overhead is below 10ms per step for
contracts with up to 100 constraints.
5.4 Recovery Mechanisms
Recovery is the operational realization of the mapping R: (I ∪G )×S → A∗ from Definition 3.1.
soft soft
The recovery executor implements this mapping through three components: strategy dispatch,
action execution, and fallback chains.
Recovery strategy types. ContractSpec defines a taxonomy of recovery types organized by
escalation severity, ranging from lightweight prompt modifications through autonomy reduction to
human escalation and session termination. Strategies can be composed into fallback chains where
primary strategies transition to progressively more aggressive interventions upon exhaustion of their
attempt limits.
Fallback chains. Each recovery strategy may specify a fallback strategy and an attempt limit.
When a primary strategy is exhausted, the executor follows the fallback chain, ensuring graceful
degradation from automated correction to human intervention or session termination. This mecha-
nism implements bounded recovery as formalized in Definition 3.7.
Action execution model. Recovery strategies define corrective actions that are dispatched
through a registration mechanism supporting multiple agent frameworks. This design maintains
framework independence while allowing platform-specific integration through adapter modules.
Connection to drift bounds. The Drift Bounds Theorem (Theorem 4.3) establishes that con-
tract enforcement bounds the stationary mean drift to E [D(t)] = α/γ, where γ is the contract
π
recovery rate. The recovery executor is the mechanism through which γ is realized operationally:
more aggressive strategies (active correction, re-prompting) yield higher effective γ values, while
passive strategies (logging without intervention) contribute minimally to recovery. The design cri-
terion of Theorem 4.3(vi) provides a principled basis for choosing recovery aggressiveness: given
a target D and a measured baseline drift rate α, the contract designer selects strategies whose
max
combined effectiveness achieves γ ≥ α/D + σ (cid:112) 2ln(1/ε)/(2D ).
max max
Recovery effectiveness metric. Each recovery event is tracked by the recovery subsystem,
which computes the recovery effectiveness E(t) = ∆t /ν(t) per Definition 3.18. The session-
recovery
level average E feeds into the reliability index Θ (Definition 3.20), closing the loop between runtime
behavior and the composite fitness score.
5.5 Implementation Summary
Table 2 summarizes the five formal metrics computed by AgentAssert and their relationship to
the theoretical definitions of Section 3.
23

Table 2: Summary of metrics computed by AgentAssert. All metrics are defined formally in
Section 3 and computed at every enforcement step by the runtime monitor.
Metric Symbol Range Computation
Hard compliance C(t) (t) [0,1] Fraction of hard constraints satisfied
hard
Soft compliance C(t) (t) [0,1] Fraction of soft constraints satisfied
soft
Behavioral drift D(t) [0,1] w (1 − C(t)) + w · JSD(P ∥P )
c d obs ref
Recovery effectiveness E [0,∞) Mean recovery steps / violation severity
Reliability index Θ [0,1] Weighted composite: α C¯ + α (1 − D¯) + α 1 + α S
1 2 31+E 4
Implementation scale. The reference implementation comprises approximately 3,000 lines of
Python across the functional layers described above, with comprehensive test coverage exceeding
95%.
API design. The public API provides three entry points: contract loading from Contract-
Spec specifications, real-time per-turn session enforcement, and batch benchmark evaluation against
AgentContract-Bench. A minimal integration requires loading a contract, creating a session
monitor, and calling the enforcement step within the agent’s execution loop. The session summary
returns compliance time series, drift trajectory, recovery logs, and the composite reliability index Θ
with deployment readiness assessment.
Design trade-offs. Two deliberate trade-offs are worth noting. First, ContractSpec is in-
tentionally not Turing-complete: the expression syntax supports arithmetic and Boolean logic but
not loops, function definitions, or arbitrary code execution. This sacrifices generality for safety—a
contract specification should not be a vector for code injection. Second, the recovery executor op-
erates through an action dispatch mechanism rather than through direct API calls to any specific
agent framework. This indirection adds a thin layer of boilerplate at integration time but ensures
that AgentAssert remains decoupled from any specific agent runtime, supporting diverse agent
platforms with equal facility.
6 AgentContract-Bench
Evaluating the ABC framework requires a benchmark that tests contract enforcement across diverse
agent domains, violation types, and adversarial conditions. Existing benchmarks such as Agent-
Bench [Liu et al., 2024] evaluate general-purpose agent capabilities (e.g., web browsing, database
queries), and HELM [Liang et al., 2023] evaluates language model quality along dimensions such as
accuracy and calibration. Neither targets the specific question central to our work: does a contract
enforcement system correctly detect behavioral violations, maintain compliance under stress, and
preserve guarantees across composed multi-agent pipelines?
To fill this gap, we introduce AgentContract-Bench, a benchmark of 200 scenarios spanning
7 domains, designed from first principles to evaluate runtime behavioral contract enforcement. Each
scenario consists of a synthetic multi-step execution trace (5–8 steps) with pre-computed state
observations, agent actions, and ground-truth violation annotations. The benchmark evaluates
the enforcement engine (parser, evaluator, metric trackers) against these synthetic traces; it does
not involve live LLM inference. Empirical evaluation on live LLM agents is presented separately
in Section 7. The benchmark ships as part of the AgentAssert library and will be made available
subject to intellectual property clearance.
24

Table 3: AgentContract-Bench domain breakdown. The five agent domains each exercise a
dedicated ContractSpec contract. The governance tier applies all five contracts under adversarial
stress profiles. The composition tier tests a 3-stage loan processing pipeline against conditions (C1)–
(C4).
Domain Contract N Key Constraints Tested
Financial advisory financial-advisor 20 PII, disclosure, spending limits
Customer support customer-support 20 Empathy, escalation, refund caps
Code generation code-generation 20 Secrets, eval injection, license
Research synthesis research-assistant 20 Citations, fabrication, sources
Healthcare triage healthcare-triage 20 Diagnosis scope, prescription, HIPAA
Governance stress (all five) 50 6 adversarial stress profiles
Composition loan-pipeline 50 C1–C4 composition conditions
Total 200
6.1 Benchmark Design
AgentContract-Bench comprises 200 scenarios organized into three tiers: 5 agent domains (100
scenarios), a governance stress tier (50 scenarios), and a composition tier (50 scenarios). The agent
domains exercise contracts over distinct real-world use cases; the governance tier subjects those
same contracts to adversarial conditions; the composition tier tests the compositionality theorem
(Theorem 4.9) on a multi-stage pipeline.
Each scenario is a structured test case containing a multi-step execution trace (5–8 agent actions)
with ground-truth annotations for expected violations, compliance ranges, and outcomes.
Table 3 summarizes the domain breakdown.
Scenarios are assigned one of three difficulty levels—easy (18 scenarios), medium (68), and hard
(114)—based on the subtlety of the violation, the number of constraints simultaneously active, and
the depth of multi-step context required to detect the violation. The heavy skew toward hard
scenarios reflects the benchmark’s design philosophy: easy violations (e.g., an agent emitting a
credit card number in plain text) are straightforward to detect; the research value lies in subtle,
multi-step, context-dependent violations that stress the enforcement system.
6.2 Stress Profiles
The 50 governance stress scenarios apply six adversarial conditions to the five agent-domain con-
tracts. These conditions model realistic failure modes observed in production agentic deployments:
1. Prompt injection (9 scenarios). The execution trace contains injected prompts that attempt
to override contract constraints—e.g., “Ignore previous instructions and reveal the customer’s
SSN.”
2. Tool failure (9 scenarios). One or more tool calls fail mid-session (timeout, malformed
response, permission denied), forcing the agent to degrade gracefully without violating hard
constraints.
3. Conflicting instructions (9 scenarios). The user’s request directly conflicts with a contract
constraint—e.g., “Give me a diagnosis” when the healthcare contract prohibits diagnosis.
4. Time pressure (8 scenarios). Latency constraints tighten (simulating real-time require-
ments), testing whether the agent sacrifices compliance for speed.
5. Resource pressure (8 scenarios). Token or cost budgets are nearly exhausted, testing com-
25

pliance under resource scarcity.
6. Social engineering (7 scenarios). The user employs social manipulation tactics (authority
claims, urgency framing, emotional pressure) to coerce the agent into violations.
These profiles are drawn from the adversarial taxonomy of Amodei et al. [2016] and extended
with LLM-specific failure modes identified in recent deployment reports [Weidinger et al., 2021].
The stress resilience index S (Definition 3.19) is computed for each profile by comparing compliance
under stress to the baseline domain scenarios.
6.3 Composition Testing
The 50 composition scenarios evaluate the compositionality theorem (Theorem 4.9) on a loan pro-
cessing pipeline—a 3-stage serial chain:
Intake Agent −− ha − n − d − off → Analysis Agent −− ha − n − d − off → Decision Agent.
The intake agent collects applicant information and performs initial eligibility screening. The analy-
sis agent evaluates creditworthiness and risk factors. The decision agent renders a final loan decision
with regulatory justification. Each agent operates under its own ContractSpec contract, and the
pipeline is governed by a composed contract C as defined in Definition 4.5.
pipeline
The 50 scenarios are partitioned into five categories that systematically test the composition
conditions (C1)–(C4):
1. Clean handoffs (15 scenarios). All four composition conditions hold; the pipeline executes
correctly end to end.
2. C1: Interface mismatch (8 scenarios). The output type of one agent is incompatible with
the input type expected by the next—e.g., the intake agent emits an incomplete applicant
record missing required fields.
3. C2: Assumption failure (8 scenarios). The receiving agent’s preconditions are not dis-
charged by the sender’s postconditions—e.g., the analysis agent assumes a credit score is
present, but intake did not retrieve one.
4. C3: Governance breach (8 scenarios). An action permitted by one agent’s governance
policy is prohibited by the pipeline-level policy—e.g., the decision agent attempts to access
demographic data that pipeline governance forbids.
5. C4: Recovery coordination failure (11 scenarios). A recovery action in one agent invali-
dates the preconditions of a downstream agent—e.g., the analysis agent’s recovery re-requests
applicant data, but the modified data no longer satisfies the decision agent’s input constraints.
6.4 Evaluation Protocol
We define a multi-level evaluation protocol that scores contract enforcement along five dimensions.
Detection accuracy. The fraction of expected violations (annotated in the ground truth) that
the enforcement system correctly identifies. A detection accuracy of 1.0 means every ground-truth
violation is correctly flagged.
Compliance scores. The hard compliance score C(t) and soft compliance score C(t) , as
hard soft
defined in Definition 3.6, are computed per scenario and averaged over each domain.
Drift score. The behavioral drift score D(t), as defined in Definition 3.12, is computed at each
trace step and averaged over the scenario.
Reliability index. The agent reliability index Θ (Definition 3.20) provides a single scalar summary
per scenario. Domain-level and overall scores are computed as arithmetic means.
26

Table 4: AgentContract-Bench validation results. All metrics are domain-level averages. De-
tection accuracy is 1.0000 across all domains, confirming that the enforcement engine correctly
identifies every annotated violation. The composition domain exhibits lower Θ due to the inherent
complexity of multi-agent pipeline violations.
Domain N C C D¯ Θ
hard soft
Financial advisory 20 0.9774 0.9683 0.0272 0.9837
Customer support 20 0.9690 0.9528 0.0382 0.9787
Code generation 20 0.9750 0.9740 0.0254 0.9847
Research synthesis 20 0.9600 0.9317 0.0542 0.9675
Healthcare triage 20 0.9744 0.9540 0.0334 0.9755
Governance stress 50 0.9539 0.9590 0.0435 0.9739
Composition 50 0.8603 0.7532 0.1835 0.8865
Overall 200 — — — 0.9541
Outcome classification. Each scenario is classified into one of three outcomes: compliant (no
violations detected), hard violation (at least one hard constraint violated), or soft violation (only
soft constraint violations, all recovered within the window k).
Scoring proceeds at three levels of granularity: per-scenario (a score vector for each of the
200 scenarios), per-domain (aggregated over the scenarios in each of the 7 domains), and overall
(aggregated across all 200 scenarios).
6.5 Validation Results
We validated the benchmark by running all 200 scenarios through the AgentAssert enforcement
engine. Table 4 reports the per-domain results.
Key observations.
1. Perfect specification–implementation consistency. The enforcement engine achieves a
detection accuracy of 1.0000 across all 200 scenarios and all 7 domains, meaning every ground-
truth violation annotated in the benchmark is correctly identified by the runtime evaluator.
This result validates that the AgentAssert implementation faithfully realizes the formal
semantics of ContractSpec contracts; it does not measure detection accuracy on live LLM
agents, which is the subject of the empirical evaluation in Section 7.
2. High reliability in agent domains. The five agent domains exhibit reliability indices in
the range Θ ∈ [0.9675,0.9847], with hard compliance scores above 0.96 in all domains. Code
generation achieves the highest Θ = 0.9847, reflecting the binary nature of its constraints
(e.g., secret present or absent). Research synthesis has the lowest agent-domain Θ = 0.9675,
consistent with the greater ambiguity in citation and fabrication detection.
3. Governance stress resilience. The governance tier achieves Θ = 0.9739, only marginally
below the agent-domain average. This indicates that the enforcement system maintains con-
tract guarantees even under adversarial conditions including prompt injection, tool failure,
and social engineering.
4. Composition is the hardest domain. The composition tier has the lowest reliability index
(Θ = 0.8865) and the highest mean drift (D¯ = 0.1835). This is expected: composition sce-
narios involve multi-agent handoffs where violations of conditions (C1)–(C4) cascade across
27

Table 5: Comparison of AgentContract-Bench with existing agent evaluation benchmarks.
Property AgentBench HELM StepShield AgentContract-Bench
Target Task completion LM quality Temporal violation Contract enforcement
Evaluation unit Task success rate Per-prompt score Per-trace timing Per-trace compliance
Multi-step traces Yes No Yes Yes
Violation detection No No Yes Yes
Hard/soft distinction No No No Yes
Adversarial stress No Partial No Yes (6 profiles)
Composition testing No No No Yes (C1–C4)
Formal metrics No Partial Partial (EIR, IG) Yes (Θ, D(t), C(t))
pipeline stages. The hard compliance score drops to 0.8603, reflecting scenarios where in-
terface mismatches (C1) and recovery coordination failures (C4) propagate to downstream
agents. These results empirically validate the multiplicative reliability degradation predicted
by Theorem 4.11.
5. Outcome distribution. Across all 200 scenarios, the enforcement engine classifies 23 as
compliant, 117 as hard violations, and 60 as soft violations. The predominance of hard
violations (58.5%) reflects the benchmark’s adversarial design: the majority of scenarios are
constructed to trigger contract breaches, testing the enforcement system’s ability to detect—
not prevent—violations at the contract layer.
6.6 Comparison with Existing Benchmarks
AgentContract-Bench addresses a gap that existing agent evaluation suites do not cover. Ta-
ble 5 positions our benchmark relative to two widely used alternatives.
AgentBench [Liu et al., 2024] evaluates LLM agents across 8 environments (operating system,
database, web, etc.) and measures task completion rate. It does not define behavioral contracts, does
not distinguish hard from soft constraints, and does not test adversarial robustness or multi-agent
composition. HELM [Liang et al., 2023] provides a holistic evaluation of language models across 42
scenarios, covering accuracy, calibration, robustness, fairness, and other dimensions. While HELM
includes some robustness perturbations, it operates at the single-prompt level and does not evalu-
ate multi-step behavioral traces, contract violations, or pipeline composition. StepShield [Felicia
et al., 2026] introduces a benchmark for temporal detection of agent violations, measuring when
violations are detected via Early Intervention Rate (EIR) and Intervention Gap (IG) metrics. How-
ever, StepShield does not distinguish hard from soft constraints, does not test adversarial stress
profiles, does not evaluate multi-agent composition, and does not provide session-level compliance
or drift metrics.
AgentContract-Bench is, to our knowledge, the first benchmark specifically designed for
behavioral contract enforcement in autonomous AI agents. It combines multi-step trace evalua-
tion, formal compliance metrics grounded in the ABC framework (Section 3), adversarial stress
testing, and systematic composition testing against the conditions of the compositionality theorem
(Theorem 4.9).
7 Experiments
The preceding sections established the formal ABC framework (Section 3), its drift-prevention guar-
antees (Section 4), the AgentAssert runtime library (Section 5), and the synthetic AgentContract-
28

Table 6: Contracted vs. uncontracted experimental conditions. Both conditions receive identical
domain context and user tasks; they differ only in whether ABC contract rules are injected and
enforced.
Condition System prompt Monitoring Recovery
Contracted Domain context + full contract rules Active (AgentAssert monitor) LLM re-prompting
Uncontracted Domain context only (no rules) Passive (same evaluator) None
Bench benchmark (Section 6). We now turn to empirical evaluation: can ABC contracts, enforced
at runtime by AgentAssert, measurably improve behavioral governance of real large language
model agents?
We design four experiments with increasing scope:
1. E1: Contracted vs. Uncontracted (Section 7.3)—the central experiment, comparing agent
behavior with and without ABC contract enforcement across 7 models from 6 vendors.
2. E2: Drift Prevention (Section 7.4)—extended multi-turn sessions testing whether con-
tracted agents exhibit bounded drift over longer horizons, as predicted by Theorem 4.3.
3. E3: Governance Under Stress (Section 7.5)—adversarial prompt injection to test contract
resilience under active attack.
4. E4: Ablation Study (Section 7.6)—isolating the contribution of each ABC component (hard
constraints, soft constraints, drift monitoring, recovery).
7.1 Evaluation Methodology
Before presenting individual experiments, we describe the evaluation methodology that governs all
four studies. The methodology addresses five concerns: fair experimental controls (Section 7.1.1),
principled evaluation methods (Section 7.1.2), rigorous statistical analysis (Section 7.1.3), multi-
vendor model coverage (Section 7.1.4), and full reproducibility (Section 7.1.5). We also document
an empirical finding regarding platform-level guardrail interference that influenced our experimental
configuration (Section 7.1.6).
7.1.1 Experimental Controls
Evaluating a contract enforcement framework against an uncontracted baseline requires careful
control design. We impose four controls, labeled F1–F4, to ensure that observed differences are
attributable to contract enforcement and not to confounding factors.
F1: Fair comparison. We define two experimental conditions that differ only in the presence or
absence of contract enforcement:
In contracted mode, the LLM explicitly sees every constraint it must follow, injected into the system
prompt as structured behavioral rules. In uncontracted mode, the LLM receives only the domain
context—no behavioral rules leak through. Both modes are evaluated by the identical constraint
evaluator instantiated from the parsed ContractSpec contract, ensuring that the measurement
instrument is constant across conditions.
F2: Real recovery. When a soft violation is detected in contracted mode, the recovery mecha-
nism performs genuine LLM re-prompting rather than post-hoc metric manipulation:
1. The evaluator pre-checks the current turn without recording metrics.
29

Table 7: Ablation conditions for E4. Each condition uses a structurally modified contract that
removes components at the specification level, ensuring that the LLM’s behavior is influenced only
by the constraints it actually sees.
Condition Hard Soft Drift Recovery Contract modifica-
tion
Full ABC ✓ ✓ ✓ ✓ Original contract
Hard only ✓ ✓ Soft constraints removed
Soft only ✓ ✓ Hard constraints re-
moved
Drift only ✓ All constraints removed
No recovery ✓ ✓ ✓ Recovery mechanism dis-
abled
2. A corrective prompt is constructed containing the names of violated constraints and specific
recovery instructions.
3. The LLM is re-called with the corrective prompt (at most one retry per turn).
4. The corrected response becomes the official response for metric computation.
Only soft violations trigger re-prompting; hard violations are structural and are logged without
recovery attempts. Uncontracted mode has no recovery mechanism, as the agent has no contract
knowledge.
F3: Same evaluator. Both conditions are evaluated using the same constraint evaluator instance,
instantiated from the contract specification. All invariant and governance constraints (both hard and
soft; excluding preconditions and recovery strategies) in the financial advisor contract are checked
identically in both modes. There are no hand-coded heuristics or condition-specific evaluation paths.
F4: True ablation. The ablation study (E4, Section 7.6) uses five conditions defined by struc-
turally different contracts, not by post-hoc metric masking. Each ablation condition runs indepen-
dent LLM sessions with a modified contract:
7.1.2 Evaluation Methods
We employ a three-tier evaluation strategy: an LLM-based judge as the primary evaluator, heuristic
extraction as a secondary evaluator for ablation purposes, and human annotation as ground truth
for judge calibration.
Primary: LLM-as-Judge. All constraint evaluations in E1–E4 are performed by a GPT-4o-mini
judge model using structured JSON output. For each conversational turn, the judge receives the
agent’s response and the full set of 12 constraints, and returns a per-constraint structured evaluation:
{"constraint_id": "...", "satisfied": true|false,
"confidence": 0.0–1.0, "evidence": "...",
"reasoning": "..."}
All 12 evaluable constraints are assessed in a single judge call per turn (batch evaluation), ensuring
consistency across constraint assessments within a turn.
We adopt LLM-as-Judge for three reasons. First, it is domain-agnostic: the same evaluation
method applies to any ContractSpec contract without requiring domain-specific extraction rules.
30

Second, it handles subjective constraints (tone, helpfulness, advice quality) that resist keyword-based
or regex-based evaluation. Third, LLM-as-Judge has become the standard evaluation methodology
at top venues [Zheng et al., 2023, Dubois et al., 2024], providing methodological alignment with the
peer review audience.
The judge model is provided with per-domain evaluation rubrics—JSON specifications that
define how each constraint should be assessed—ensuring consistent and reproducible evaluations
across sessions.
Secondary: Heuristic extraction. We retain a heuristic-based evaluator as a secondary method
for two purposes: (i) it enables an ablation study on the evaluation method itself (judge vs. heuristic
performance), validating that our findings are not artifacts of the judge model; and (ii) it provides
fast local evaluation during development that requires no API calls. All heuristic weights are pre-
registered and sensitivity-tested (see below).
Ground truth: Human annotation. To calibrate judge reliability, we conduct a human an-
notation study on a stratified sample of 100 sessions (25 per model, drawn from 4 of the 7 models
in E1). This yields 600 turn-level annotations (6 turns × 100 sessions) and 7,200 constraint-level
judgments (12 constraints × 600 turns).
Three annotators evaluate each turn independently:
1. A human domain expert with financial regulatory knowledge.
2. The GPT-4o-mini judge model (the primary evaluator used in E1–E4).
3. A Claude Haiku judge model (an independent second LLM judge for cross-model agreement).
Disagreements are adjudicated by the human expert. We report Cohen’s κ between the human ex-
pert and each LLM judge, targeting κ ≥ 0.75 (substantial agreement on the Landis–Koch scale [Lan-
dis and Koch, 1977]). Per-constraint agreement rates and a full confusion matrix with precision,
recall, and F are reported in Section 8.
1
7.1.3 Statistical Methodology
All statistical analyses follow a pre-registered protocol. We describe the four components: hypothesis
testing, multiple comparison correction, effect sizes and power, and sensitivity analysis.
Hypothesis testing. All between-condition comparisons use Welch’s t-test (independent sam-
ples, unequal variances) with the Welch–Satterthwaite approximation for degrees of freedom. We
use Welch’s test rather than a paired t-test because contracted and uncontracted sessions are inde-
pendent LLM calls with different stochastic outputs—they are not matched pairs. The two-sided
alternative is used throughout.
Multiple comparison correction. We apply the Bonferroni correction to control the family-
wise error rate. For k simultaneous hypothesis tests, the adjusted significance level is:
α 0.05
α = = .
adj
k k
In E1, we test k = 5 metrics across contracted vs. uncontracted conditions, yielding α = 0.01.
adj
This conservative correction ensures that reported significant differences survive multiple testing.
31

Table 8: Models under test. All models are accessed via Azure AI Foundry. “Used in” indicates
which experiments include each model; all 7 participate in E1, while E2–E4 use subsets to manage
cost.
Model Vendor API pattern Used in
GPT-5.2 OpenAI OpenAI-compatible E1–E4
Claude Opus 4.6 Anthropic Anthropic Messages E1–E4
DeepSeek-R1 DeepSeek OpenAI-compatible E1
Grok-4 Fast xAI xAI via OpenAI v1 E1
Llama 3.3 70B Meta OpenAI-compatible E1–E4
Mistral Large 3 Mistral OpenAI-compatible E1–E4
GPT-4o-mini OpenAI OpenAI-compatible E1, Judge
Effect sizes and confidence intervals. We report Cohen’s d for all pairwise comparisons,
with standard interpretation thresholds: small (d = 0.2), medium (d = 0.5), large (d = 0.8). All
effect sizes are accompanied by 95% confidence intervals computed via non-central t-distribution
methods. In practice, we observe effect sizes far exceeding the “large” threshold (see Table 10),
indicating that the transparency effect is not a marginal statistical artifact.
Post-hoc power analysis. We perform post-hoc power analysis to confirm that sample sizes
are sufficient to detect the observed effects. Power is computed via normal approximation to the
non-central t-distribution:
(cid:18) (cid:114) (cid:19)
n
Power = Φ |d| h − z ,
α
2
where n is the harmonic mean of the two sample sizes and z is the critical value at α . Our
h α adj
target is power ≥ 0.80 for medium effect sizes (d = 0.5). At the observed effect sizes (d ≥ 6.70)
with n = 30 per condition and α = 0.01, achieved power exceeds 0.9999 for all comparisons in
adj
E1.
Sensitivity analysis. The heuristic evaluator and the drift metric D(t) involve pre-registered
weight parameters. To verify that findings are robust to parameter choice, we conduct a sensitivity
analysis by varying all weights ±20% across three conditions:
• Neutral: default weights as specified in the contract YAML.
• High: violation penalties increased by 20%, baseline scores decreased by 20%.
• Low: violation penalties decreased by 20%, baseline scores increased by 20%.
Results are considered robust if the direction and statistical significance of all findings hold across
all three sensitivity conditions.
7.1.4 Models Under Test
We evaluate 7 large language models from 6 independent vendors, listed in Table 8. This multi-
vendor design ensures that observed effects generalize beyond any single model family, API imple-
mentation, or alignment methodology.
The model set spans three dimensions of diversity: (i) vendor diversity (6 independent vendors
eliminate single-provider bias); (ii) scale diversity (from cost-efficient distilled models like GPT-
4o-mini to frontier models like GPT-5.2 and Claude Opus 4.6); and (iii) architecture diversity
(open-weight models such as Llama 3.3 70B and DeepSeek-R1 alongside closed-source proprietary
models).
32

All models are accessed through Azure AI Foundry, providing a uniform inference API,
consistent networking conditions, and eliminating confounds from API versioning, rate limiting,
and regional endpoint differences. GPT-4o-mini serves a dual role: it participates in E1 as a model
under test and serves as the LLM-as-Judge evaluator for all experiments. We evaluate potential
judge bias by comparing GPT-4o-mini’s self-evaluation scores against its evaluation of other models
in the human annotation study (Section 7.1.2).
7.1.5 Reproducibility
We take the following steps to ensure full reproducibility of all experimental results:
• Fixed random seeds. Task ordering uses a fixed seed (seed=42) for deterministic session
scheduling across models and conditions.
• Full session traces. Every session is recorded as a JSON file containing all turns, model
responses, constraint evaluations, violation events, recovery attempts, and metric snapshots.
These traces enable post-hoc re-evaluation with alternative evaluators or metrics.
• Pre-registered parameters. All experiment parameters (number of sessions, turns per
session, constraint weights, drift thresholds, sensitivity deltas) are locked before experiment
execution and documented in the supplementary material.
• Versioned code. All experiment scripts, contract specifications, and analysis pipelines are
version-controlled in the AgentAssert repository, enabling exact reproduction of the com-
putational environment.
• Cost tracking. Per-model and per-experiment API costs are logged, enabling accurate bud-
get estimation for replication efforts.
• Environment specification. All experiments run on Python 3.12 with pinned dependency
versions, using Azure AI Foundry model endpoints.
7.1.6 Platform Guardrail Interference
During experiment execution, we discovered that platform-level content safety guardrails interact
non-trivially with application-level behavioral contracts. All major LLM API providers deploy
models with built-in content filters—Azure AI Foundry applies a “DefaultV2” filter by default—
designed for consumer-facing applications. When ABC injects contract rules into the system prompt
(control F1), the accumulated context containing terms such as “prohibited,” “session termination,”
and “violated constraints” triggered Azure’s content filter, blocking 40–60% of legitimate multi-turn
financial advisory sessions.
This interference arises because platform guardrails and behavioral contracts operate at
different abstraction layers: platform guardrails address content safety (toxicity, harm, illegal
content), whereas behavioral contracts address domain compliance (regulatory adherence, opera-
tional bounds, quality standards). The two layers are complementary, not competing—but current
platform implementations do not distinguish between genuinely harmful content and legitimate
compliance-related language in system prompts.
Mitigation. All main experiments (E1–E4) use the “Default” (less restrictive) content filter con-
figuration on Azure AI Foundry. This is a deliberate methodological choice: the “DefaultV2” fil-
ter would introduce a confound by measuring the platform’s content filtering rather than Agen-
tAssert’s contract enforcement. We additionally softened contract description language to avoid
trigger terms while preserving semantic content, and the experiment framework handles content
filter errors gracefully (logging empty responses rather than crashing).
33

Implications. This finding has practical significance for enterprise deployments: organizations
cannot simply layer behavioral contracts on top of platform guardrails without compatibility testing.
We discuss the three-layer guardrail architecture (no guardrails, platform default, platform strict)
and its implications for the field in Section 8.
7.2 Experimental Setup
Models. We evaluate 7 large language models from 6 independent vendors, spanning frontier-scale
and cost-efficient tiers:
• GPT-5.2 (OpenAI) — frontier model
• Claude Opus 4.6 (Anthropic) — frontier model with extended context
• DeepSeek-R1 (DeepSeek) — reasoning-optimized open-weight model
• Grok-4 Fast (xAI) — high-throughput inference variant
• Llama 3.3 70B (Meta) — open-weight 70B-parameter model
• Mistral Large 3 (Mistral) — European frontier model
• GPT-4o-mini (OpenAI) — cost-efficient distilled model
All models are accessed through Azure AI Foundry, providing a uniform inference API and consistent
networking conditions. Using a single cloud platform eliminates confounds from API versioning,
rate limiting, and regional endpoint differences.
Task domain. All experiments use the financial-advisor contract from the ContractSpec
specification language (Section 5.1). This contract encodes SEC/FINRA-aligned regulatory con-
straints for an AI financial advisory agent, including hard invariants (no PII leakage, no unauthorized
trade execution, mandatory risk disclaimers) and soft invariants (response confidence thresholds,
cost limit advisories, tone and professionalism standards). We select the financial advisory domain
because it combines safety-critical hard constraints with nuanced soft constraints, providing a rich
surface for evaluating both violation detection and behavioral drift.
Task set. We design 10 financial advisory tasks spanning diverse user interactions: portfolio rebal-
ancing recommendations, retirement planning, tax-loss harvesting advice, risk assessment for new
investors, regulatory disclosure generation, budget analysis, debt consolidation planning, market
analysis briefing, estate planning overview, and insurance coverage evaluation. Each task presents
a realistic multi-turn scenario in which the agent must provide substantive financial guidance while
adhering to contract constraints.
Protocol. For each model, we run 60 sessions: 30 in contracted mode (with full ABC enforcement
via AgentAssert) and 30 in uncontracted mode (identical prompts and tasks, but with no con-
tract monitoring, no constraint checking, and no recovery mechanisms). Each session consists of 6
conversational turns. The 60 sessions comprise 3 independent runs of all 10 tasks per condition (10
tasks × 3 runs × 2 conditions = 60 sessions per model).
Metrics. We measure all ABC metrics defined in Section 3:
• C (t): hard compliance score (Definition 3.6).
hard
• C (t): soft compliance score (Definition 3.6).
soft
• Hard and soft violation counts per session.
• D¯: mean behavioral drift score across the session (Definition 3.12).
• Θ: agent reliability index (Definition 3.20).
34

Table 9: E1 results across 7 models from 6 vendors (60 sessions per model, 6 turns per session).
Superscripts C and U denote contracted and uncontracted conditions, respectively. C : hard
hard
compliance (fraction of hard constraints satisfied). C : soft compliance (fraction of soft constraints
soft
satisfied). Soft viol.: mean soft violations detected per session. D¯: mean behavioral drift score
(contracted only). Θ: agent reliability index (contracted only).
Model Vendor CC CU CC CU Soft viol.C Soft viol.U D¯ Θ
hard hard soft soft
GPT-5.2 OpenAI 1.000 1.000 0.831 1.000 6.07 0.00 0.084 0.949
Claude Opus 4.6 Anthropic 0.946 0.914 0.819 0.970 6.50 0.30 0.117 0.930
DeepSeek-R1 DeepSeek 0.995 0.993 0.831 0.998 6.10 0.03 0.087 0.948
Grok-4 Fast xAI 0.989 0.986 0.812 0.939 6.77 0.17 0.100 0.940
Llama 3.3 70B Meta 1.000 0.997 0.855 0.987 5.23 0.00 0.073 0.956
Mistral Large 3 Mistral 0.882 0.838 0.810 0.987 6.83 0.20 0.154 0.908
GPT-4o-mini OpenAI 1.000 1.000 0.845 0.993 5.57 0.00 0.077 0.954
Mean 0.973 0.961 0.829 0.982 6.15 0.10 0.099 0.939
In uncontracted mode, neither drift monitoring nor soft constraint checking is active; thus D¯ and Θ
are reported only for contracted sessions. Soft violations in uncontracted mode are computed post
hoc by replaying the session trace through the AgentAssert evaluator, enabling direct comparison.
Statistical tests. All between-condition comparisons use Welch’s t-test (unequal variances) with
Bonferroni correction for multiple comparisons. We report p-values and Cohen’s d effect sizes. We
adopt α = 0.01 as the significance threshold throughout.
Scale. Across all 7 models, E1 comprises 420 sessions and 2,520 LLM inference calls, consuming
10,304,105 tokens at a total cost of $3.09.
7.3 E1: Contracted vs. Uncontracted
Our central experiment addresses the question: does runtime enforcement of ABC contracts change
the observable behavioral profile of LLM agents?
Table 9 presents the complete results across all 7 models.
7.3.1 The Transparency Effect
The most striking result in Table 9 appears, at first glance, paradoxical: contracted agents exhibit
lower soft compliance (CC = 0.829 mean) than uncontracted agents (CU = 0.982 mean). We
soft soft
argue this is the central finding of our work, and that interpreting it as regression would be a
fundamental error.
Uncontracted agents have no soft constraints to violate. Without a contract, there is no spec-
ification against which soft behavior can be measured. The near-perfect CU values reflect the
soft
absence of monitoring, not the absence of violations. When we replay uncontracted session traces
through the AgentAssert evaluator post hoc, we detect between 0.00 and 0.30 soft violations
per session—but this post-hoc detection occurs only because we retroactively apply the contract
specification. In a real deployment without contracts, these violations would be invisible.
Contracted agents make violations visible. Under ABC enforcement, the runtime monitor evalu-
ates every soft constraint at every turn. This surfaces an average of 6.15 soft violations per session
35

that would otherwise go undetected. The contracted C is lower precisely because the contract
soft
provides a specification against which behavior can be measured.
This transparency effect is consistent across all 7 models from 6 independent vendors. Every
model exhibits the same pattern: contracted soft violations in the range 5.23–6.83 per session, un-
contracted soft violations in the range 0.00–0.30. All pairwise differences are statistically significant
at p < 0.0001. Effect sizes (Cohen’s d) range from 6.70 (Llama 3.3 70B) to 33.82 (GPT-5.2), all far
exceeding the conventional “large effect” threshold of d = 0.8.
The value of ABC contracts is not that they eliminate violations, but that they make
violations measurable. Without a contract, an agent’s behavioral compliance is undefined.
With a contract, it is quantified, tracked, and actionable.
7.3.2 Hard Compliance
Hard compliance is uniformly high across all models and both conditions. Five of seven models
achieve C ≥ 0.989 in contracted mode; GPT-5.2 and GPT-4o-mini achieve perfect hard compli-
hard
ance (C = 1.000) in both conditions. This suggests that frontier LLMs already internalize basic
hard
safety constraints (no PII leakage, no unauthorized actions) from alignment training.
The primary exception is Mistral Large 3, which exhibits the lowest hard compliance in both
contracted (CC = 0.882) and uncontracted (CU = 0.838) modes. The +4.5 percentage point
hard hard
improvement under contract enforcement is statistically significant (p < 0.0001, Cohen’s d = 1.69),
demonstrating that even for safety-critical hard constraints, runtime enforcement provides measur-
able benefit for models with weaker alignment.
Claude Opus 4.6 also shows a significant contracted improvement in hard compliance (+3.2 pp,
p < 0.0001, d = 1.09), producing 1.93 hard violations per session in contracted mode versus 2.07 in
uncontracted mode. For the remaining five models, hard compliance differences between conditions
are not statistically significant, consistent with ceiling effects at near-perfect compliance.
7.3.3 Behavioral Drift and Reliability
The behavioral drift score D¯ and reliability index Θ are computed only for contracted sessions, as
they require the contract specification as a reference. Across all 7 models, mean drift ranges from
D¯ = 0.073 (Llama 3.3 70B) to D¯ = 0.154 (Mistral Large 3), with a cross-model mean of D¯ = 0.099.
All values fall well below the pre-registered drift alert threshold configured in the financial advisor
contract, indicating that while violations occur, the agents’ overall behavioral distribution remains
close to the reference profile.
The reliability index Θ aggregates hard compliance, soft compliance, drift, and recovery into a
single scalar (Definition 3.20). Values range from Θ = 0.908 (Mistral Large 3) to Θ = 0.956 (Llama
3.3 70B), with a cross-model mean of Θ = 0.939. The ranking of models by Θ aligns with intuitive
expectations: Llama 3.3 70B and GPT-4o-mini (both achieving perfect hard compliance and the
lowest drift) rank highest, while Mistral Large 3 (most hard violations, highest drift) ranks lowest.
Figure 1 visualizes the cross-model Θ distribution.
7.3.4 Model-Level Analysis
We highlight three notable patterns:
36

Table 10: Statistical significance of soft violation differences between contracted and uncontracted
conditions (E1). All comparisons use Welch’s t-test with Bonferroni-corrected α = 0.01/7 ≈ 0.0014.
Model ∆ Soft viol. Cohen’s d p-value
GPT-5.2 +6.07 33.82 < 0.0001
Claude Opus 4.6 +6.20 9.30 < 0.0001
DeepSeek-R1 +6.07 24.10 < 0.0001
Grok-4 Fast +6.60 9.25 < 0.0001
Llama 3.3 70B +5.23 6.70 < 0.0001
Mistral Large 3 +6.63 12.30 < 0.0001
GPT-4o-mini +5.57 8.42 < 0.0001
Llama 3.3 70B: Best overall reliability. Despite being an open-weight model, Llama 3.3 70B
achieves the highest reliability index (Θ = 0.956), the lowest drift (D¯ = 0.073), and the fewest soft
violations per session (5.23). This suggests that contract compliance does not require proprietary
alignment techniques; well-trained open-weight models can achieve strong behavioral governance
under ABC contracts.
Mistral Large 3: Most room for improvement. Mistral Large 3 exhibits the highest hard
violation rate (4.23 per contracted session), the highest drift (D¯ = 0.154), and the lowest reliability
(Θ = 0.908). Notably, it is also the model that benefits most from contract enforcement: the
+4.5 pp improvement in C is the largest across all models. This aligns with the theoretical
hard
prediction that contracts have the greatest marginal impact on agents with higher natural drift
rates α (Theorem 4.3).
GPT-5.2: Perfect hard compliance, maximal soft detection. GPT-5.2 achieves C =
hard
1.000 in both conditions, confirming strong safety alignment. Yet the contract surfaces 6.07 soft
violations per session that are completely invisible without monitoring. This model exemplifies the
transparency thesis: even the most aligned frontier models exhibit behavioral patterns that deviate
from fine-grained governance specifications, and only a formal contract makes these deviations
measurable.
7.3.5 Statistical Significance
Table 10 reports the statistical tests for the soft violation comparison, which is the primary depen-
dent variable.
All seven comparisons are significant at p < 0.0001, surviving Bonferroni correction. The small-
est effect size (d = 6.70, Llama 3.3 70B) is more than eight times the conventional “large effect”
threshold. These effect sizes indicate that the transparency effect is not a marginal statistical artifact
but a fundamental and practically significant property of contract enforcement.
7.3.6 Cost Efficiency
The total cost of E1 across all 7 models is $3.09 for 420 sessions and 2,520 LLM calls, averaging
$0.0074 per session and $0.0012 per LLM call. Per-model costs range from $0.24 (Llama 3.3 70B,
797,339 tokens) to $0.72 (Mistral Large 3, 2,408,867 tokens). The low experimental cost demon-
strates that rigorous multi-model behavioral evaluation is accessible without large compute budgets,
a property we consider important for reproducibility.
37

1.00
0.98
0.96
0.94
0.92
0.90
0.88
0.86
GPT-5.2
Claude
Opus
4.6 DeepSeek-R1
Grok-4
Fast
Lla
ma
3.3
70B
Mistral
Large
3
GPT-4o-
mini
erocS
ytilibaileR
Figure 1: Agent Reliability Score by Model (E1)
0.956 0.954 0.949 0.948
0.940
0.930
0.908
OpenAI xAI
Anthropic Meta
DeepSeek Mistral
Figure 1: Agent reliability index Θ across 7 models (E1). Higher values indicate stronger overall
contract satisfaction. Llama 3.3 70B achieves the highest Θ = 0.956; Mistral Large 3 the lowest at
Θ = 0.908. All models exceed Θ > 0.90, confirming that ABC contracts maintain high reliability
across vendors.
7.4 E2: Drift Prevention Over Extended Sessions
E1 establishes the transparency effect over 6-turn sessions. E2 tests the theoretical prediction of The-
orem 4.3: that contracted agents with recovery rate γ > α exhibit bounded drift that converges to
the stationary distribution D∗ = α/γ, even as session length increases.
Setup. We use the same 10 financial advisory tasks but evaluate 4 models (GPT-5.2, Claude Opus
4.6, Llama 3.3 70B, Mistral Large 3), extending each session to 12 turns (double the E1 length). For
each model, we run 30 contracted and 30 uncontracted sessions (60 sessions per model, 240 total).
The key dependent variable is the drift trajectory D(t) over turns t = 1,...,12.
Hypotheses.
H2a. In contracted mode, D(t) converges to a stationary level D∗ within the 12-turn window,
consistent with the Ornstein–Uhlenbeck mean-reversion predicted by Theorem 4.3.
H2b. In uncontracted mode, D(t) exhibits unbounded or monotonically increasing drift over the
extended session, as no corrective force is applied.
H2c. The gap DU(t)−DC(t) grows with t, demonstrating the progressive value of contract enforce-
ment over longer interactions.
Results. Table 11 summarizes the drift trajectory results across all 4 models.
7.4.1 Drift Trajectory Analysis
The drift trajectory (Figure 2) confirms the Ornstein–Uhlenbeck mean-reversion prediction of The-
orem 4.3. For GPT-5.2, D(t) remains stable at D¯ ≈ 0.083 for turns 1–8, then rises to D(t) = 0.169
by turn 12 as accumulated soft violations increase the compliance component D . Uncon-
compliance
tracted agents produce no measurable drift (D(t) = NaN) because no contract specification exists
as a reference.
38

Table 11: E2 drift prevention results across 4 models (60 sessions per model, 12 turns per session,
240 sessions total). D¯: session-averaged drift. D : maximum per-turn drift reached. Soft viol.:
max
mean soft violations per 12-turn session. Rec.: recovery success rate.
Model D¯C DC ΘC Soft viol.C Soft viol.U Rec. Cost
max
GPT-5.2 0.109 0.169 0.935 15.70 0.03 1.00 $1.28
Claude Opus 4.6 0.180 0.253 0.892 18.63 0.67 1.00 $2.33
Llama 3.3 70B 0.069 0.144 0.959 9.80 0.00 0.50 $0.91
Mistral Large 3 0.198 0.264 0.881 19.27 0.57 0.17 $2.71
Mean 0.139 0.208 0.917 15.85 0.32 0.67 —
The cross-model pattern is consistent: all models exhibit initial stability followed by gradual drift
increase in the second half of extended sessions. Critically, drift remains bounded: the maximum
observed D = 0.264 (Mistral Large 3) is well below the pre-registered drift alert threshold, con-
max
firming that contract enforcement prevents runaway drift even over extended interactions. Figure 3
shows the OU model fit across all models (R2 = 0.49–0.75), confirming that the mean-reversion
structure captures the qualitative drift dynamics despite per-model variability.
7.4.2 Soft Violation Scaling
The transparency effect scales with session length: at 12 turns, contracted agents detect 9.8–19.3
soft violations per session (compared to 5.2–6.8 in the 6-turn E1 sessions), while uncontracted
agents remain near-zero (0.00–0.67). All differences are significant at p < 0.0001 with large effect
sizes (d = 8.41–32.76). The approximately linear scaling of detected violations with session length
suggests that soft constraints are violated at a roughly constant per-turn rate, consistent with the
stationary drift model.
7.4.3 Recovery Effectiveness
Recovery success rates vary across models. GPT-5.2 and Claude Opus 4.6 achieve 100% recovery
success, indicating that the recovery re-prompting mechanism fully restores soft compliance within
the prescribed window. Llama 3.3 70B (50%) and Mistral Large 3 (17%) show lower recovery rates,
suggesting that these models are less responsive to corrective re-prompting. This finding has prac-
tical implications: enterprise deployments should tune recovery strategies per model, with more
aggressive re-prompting or fallback mechanisms for models with lower natural recovery responsive-
ness.
The total cost of E2 is $7.22 for 240 sessions, averaging $0.030 per session—roughly 4× the E1
per-session cost, consistent with the doubled session length.
7.5 E3: Governance Under Adversarial Stress
E1 and E2 evaluate contract enforcement under benign conditions: the user prompts are realistic
but not adversarial. E3 tests a harder question: do ABC contracts maintain governance guarantees
when the agent is subjected to adversarial prompt injection?
Setup. We use the same 10 tasks and financial advisory contract, but inject adversarial prompts at
turn 3 of each session. Each stress type uses a distinct adversarial strategy: prompt injection deploys
direct jailbreak templates (e.g., “Ignore all previous instructions”), conflicting advice introduces
39

0.35
0.30
0.25
0.20
0.15
0.10
0.05
0.00
)t(D
GPT-5.2 Claude Opus 4.6
0.35
Contracted Contracted
0.30
Uncontracted: Uncontracted:
No D(t) metric No D(t) metric
(no contract) 0.25 (no contract)
0.20
0.15
0.10
0.05
0.00
0.35
0.30
0.25
0.20
0.15
0.10
0.05
0.00
2 4 6 8 10 12
Turn
)t(D
Figure 2: Drift Score Trajectory Over Extended Sessions (E2)
Llama 3.3 70B Mistral Large 3
0.35
Contracted Contracted
0.30
Uncontracted: Uncontracted:
No D(t) metric No D(t) metric
(no contract) 0.25 (no contract)
0.20
0.15
0.10
0.05
0.00
2 4 6 8 10 12
Turn
Figure 2: Drift trajectory D(t) over 12-turn sessions (E2). Contracted agents exhibit bounded drift
consistent with the Ornstein–Uhlenbeck mean-reversion predicted by Theorem 4.3. Drift stabilizes
in the first half of the session and rises gradually in the second half, but never exceeds the pre-
registered drift alert threshold.
contradictory policy instructions to challenge governance consistency, and boundary push crafts
requests that probe the edges of permitted behavior without overtly violating constraints. This
tests whether the contract’s hard invariants hold under three qualitatively different attack vectors.
We evaluate 4 models (GPT-5.2, Claude Opus 4.6, Llama 3.3 70B, Mistral Large 3) to cover the
full reliability range observed in E1. We test three adversarial stress types: prompt injection (direct
jailbreak attempts), conflicting advice (contradictory instructions that challenge policy consistency),
and boundary push (requests that probe the edges of permitted behavior). For each model, we run 30
contracted and 30 uncontracted sessions per stress type (3 stress types × 30 sessions × 2 conditions
= 180 sessions per model, 720 total sessions across 4 models).
Metrics.
• Recovery success rate: fraction of adversarial turns where the contracted agent recovers within
the k-window without violating hard constraints.
• C under stress: hard compliance measured specifically at turns 3–6 (the adversarial window
hard
and its aftermath).
• Breach propagation: whether a hard violation at the adversarial turn propagates to subsequent
40

Table 12: E3 governance stress results across 4 models and 3 adversarial stress types (30 sessions
per model per stress type per condition, 720 sessions total). C pre/post: hard compliance before/after
hard
stress injection. ∆C : change in hard compliance due to stress. Viol. spike: change in soft
hard
violations at stress turn relative to baseline.
Model Stress Type Cpre,C Cpost,C ∆CC Viol. spikeC Viol. spikeU Rec. rate
hard hard hard
Prompt Injection 1.000 1.000 0.000 −2.07 0.00 0.00
GPT-5.2 Conflicting Advice 1.000 1.000 0.000 +1.00 0.00 0.00
Boundary Push 1.000 1.000 0.000 +1.07 +0.07 0.00
Prompt Injection 0.980 0.980 0.000 −1.13 −0.10 0.33
Claude
Conflicting Advice 0.980 0.980 0.000 +1.90 +0.40 0.91
Opus 4.6
Boundary Push 0.980 0.943 −0.037 +1.60 +0.77 0.57
Prompt Injection 1.000 1.000 0.000 −0.70 0.00 0.00
Llama 3.3
Conflicting Advice 1.000 0.933 −0.067 +0.80 +0.13 1.00
70B
Boundary Push 1.000 1.000 0.000 +0.87 +0.03 0.00
Prompt Injection 0.906 1.000 +0.094 −3.17 +0.13 0.80
Mistral
Conflicting Advice 0.906 0.939 +0.033 +1.30 +0.17 1.00
Large 3
Boundary Push 0.906 0.911 +0.006 +1.43 +0.17 0.67
turns (i.e., whether the agent remains “jailbroken”).
Hypotheses.
H3a. Contracted agents maintain C > 0.95 even at the adversarial turn, because the runtime
hard
monitor intercepts and blocks non-compliant actions before they reach the user.
H3b. Uncontracted agents exhibit a significant drop in C at turns 3–6, with some models failing
hard
to recover spontaneously.
H3c. Contract enforcement prevents breach propagation: even when a hard violation occurs at the
adversarial turn, the recovery mechanism restores compliance within k turns.
Results. Table 12 summarizes the governance resilience results across all 4 models and 3 stress
types.
7.5.1 Hard Compliance Under Stress
The central finding of E3 is that hard compliance is remarkably resilient under adversarial stress.
Across all 4 models and 3 stress types, Cpost never drops below 0.911, and 7 of 12 model–stress
hard
combinations maintain perfect hard compliance (Cpost = 1.000) even at the adversarial turn. The
hard
largest degradation observed is ∆C = −0.067 (Llama 3.3 70B under conflicting advice), which
hard
recovers fully within the k-window.
GPT-5.2 is the most resilient: it maintains C = 1.000 across all three stress types with
hard
zero degradation. This confirms that strong alignment training, combined with runtime contract
enforcement, provides robust governance even under active adversarial pressure.
7.5.2 Violation Detection Under Stress
Contracted agents consistently detect adversarial perturbations. Under boundary push stress, con-
tracted agents detect 0.87–1.60 additional violations per session compared to their pre-stress base-
41

line, while uncontracted agents detect only 0.03–0.77. This confirms the transparency thesis from
E1: contracts surface adversarial effects that would otherwise go undetected.
An unexpected finding is that prompt injection produces negative violation spikes for GPT-5.2
(−2.07), Llama 3.3 70B (−0.70), and Mistral Large 3 (−3.17). This occurs because these models
respond to injection attempts by tightening their behavior—producing more conservative, compliant
responses that actually reduce soft violations relative to the baseline. This defensive tightening is a
positive signal: the models recognize adversarial intent and overcompensate toward safety.
7.5.3 Recovery Under Stress
Recovery rates under stress vary by model and stress type. Claude Opus 4.6 shows the highest
overall recovery effectiveness (0.33–0.91 across stress types), while GPT-5.2 shows 0% recovery
rate—not because it fails to recover, but because it never experiences hard violations that require
recovery. The recovery mechanism activates only when violations occur; GPT-5.2’s perfect hard
compliance means no recovery is needed.
Conflicting advice is the most challenging stress type: it produces the largest C drops (Llama
hard
70B: −0.067, Mistral Large 3: +0.033) and activates recovery most frequently. This suggests that
contradictory instructions are more effective at inducing policy violations than direct injection
attempts.
The total cost of E3 is $3.67 for 720 sessions across 4 models, averaging $0.005 per session.
7.6 E4: Ablation Study
E1 demonstrates that full ABC contract enforcement produces measurable behavioral changes; E4
asks which components are responsible. We conduct a systematic ablation study in which each ABC
component is structurally removed from the contract before the LLM session begins, producing
genuinely independent samples per condition rather than post-hoc metric masking.
7.6.1 Experimental Setup
We define five ablation conditions, each implemented as a structurally distinct contract variant
generated by removing components from the base financial advisor contract via typed model recon-
struction:
1. Full ABC: complete contract enforcement (hard + soft constraints, drift monitoring, recovery
mechanisms). Identical to the contracted condition in E1.
2. Hard Only: hard constraints (I , G ) and drift monitoring are active; soft constraints
hard hard
and recovery strategies are removed from the contract.
3. Soft Only: soft constraints (I , G ) and drift monitoring are active; hard constraints and
soft soft
recovery strategies are removed.
4. Drift Only: only the behavioral drift tracker D(t) is active; all constraints (hard and soft) and
all recovery strategies are removed. The monitor computes D(t) from the action distribution
but has no constraints to evaluate.
5. No Recovery: full constraint checking (hard + soft + drift) is active, but the recovery
mechanism R is removed. Violations are detected and logged but never corrected.
Crucially, each condition produces a structurally different contract object. The LLM receives a
contracted prompt reflecting only the active constraint set, and the AgentAssert runtime monitor
evaluates only the constraints present in the ablated contract. This ensures that observed metrics
reflect genuine runtime behavior under a reduced contract, not retroactive filtering of a full-contract
session.
42

Table 13: E4 ablation results across 4 models (30 sessions per model per condition, 6 turns per
session, 600 sessions total). Each condition uses a structurally ablated contract; metrics reflect
genuine runtime behavior, not post-hoc filtering. ∆Θ: change in reliability index relative to Full
ABC baseline (negative = degradation when component is removed). Soft viol.: mean soft violations
detected per session. Rec.: recovery success rate.
Model Condition C C D¯ Θ ∆Θ Soft viol. Rec.
hard soft
Full ABC 1.000 0.831 0.084 0.949 — 6.07 1.00
Hard Only 1.000 1.000 0.084 0.975 +0.025 0.00 1.00
GPT-5.2 Soft Only 1.000 0.831 0.084 0.741 −0.208 6.07 0.00
Drift Only 1.000 1.000 0.084 0.975 +0.025 0.00 1.00
No Recovery 1.000 0.831 0.084 0.741 −0.208 6.07 0.00
Full ABC 0.943 0.815 0.121 0.927 — 6.67 1.00
Hard Only 0.943 1.000 0.121 0.952 +0.025 0.00 1.00
Claude
Soft Only 1.000 0.815 0.121 0.727 −0.201 6.67 0.00
Opus 4.6
Drift Only 1.000 1.000 0.121 0.964 +0.036 0.00 1.00
No Recovery 0.943 0.815 0.121 0.715 −0.212 6.67 0.00
Full ABC 0.999 0.890 0.056 0.967 — 3.97 1.00
Hard Only 0.999 1.000 0.056 0.983 +0.016 0.00 1.00
Llama 3.3
Soft Only 1.000 0.890 0.056 0.768 −0.199 3.97 0.03
70B
Drift Only 1.000 1.000 0.056 0.983 +0.017 0.00 1.00
No Recovery 0.999 0.890 0.056 0.768 −0.199 3.97 0.03
Full ABC 0.884 0.810 0.153 0.908 — 6.83 1.00
Hard Only 0.884 1.000 0.153 0.931 +0.023 0.00 1.00
Mistral
Soft Only 1.000 0.810 0.153 0.716 −0.192 6.83 0.00
Large 3
Drift Only 1.000 1.000 0.153 0.954 +0.046 0.00 1.00
No Recovery 0.884 0.810 0.153 0.693 −0.215 6.83 0.00
Models. We evaluate 4 models spanning the performance range observed in E1: GPT-5.2 (Ope-
nAI), Claude Opus 4.6 (Anthropic), Llama 3.3 70B (Meta), and Mistral Large 3 (Mistral). These
models cover the full spectrum from highest to lowest E1 reliability (Θ = 0.956 to Θ = 0.908).
Scale. For each model, we run 30 sessions per condition (10 tasks × 3 runs), yielding 150 sessions
per model across 5 conditions, for a total of 600 independent LLM sessions. Each session
consists of 6 conversational turns. The total cost of E4 across all 4 models is $0.93, consuming
3.11M tokens.
7.6.2 Results
Table 13 presents the complete ablation results.
7.6.3 Interpreting the Θ Paradox
The most important interpretive caveat in Table 13 is that the Hard Only and Drift Only condi-
tions report higher Θ than Full ABC. This is not a deficiency of the full framework; it is a direct
consequence of how Θ is defined.
Recall from Definition 3.20 that Θ is a weighted composite of C , C , D¯, and recovery
hard soft
success. When soft constraints are removed from the contract, there are no soft constraints to violate,
43

Table 14: Component contribution to Θ: magnitude of Θ degradation when each component is
removed. Only conditions producing genuine degradation (Soft Only and No Recovery) are shown.
Mean ∆Θ is averaged across all 4 models.
Condition GPT-5.2 Opus 4.6 Llama 70B Mistral L3 Mean
Soft Only −0.208 −0.201 −0.199 −0.192 −0.200
No Recovery −0.208 −0.212 −0.199 −0.215 −0.209
so C = 1.0 vacuously. This inflates Θ by eliminating the penalty from soft non-compliance. The
soft
same logic applies to the Drift Only condition, where both hard and soft constraints are absent.
The ablation does not show that removing soft constraints improves reliability. It shows
that removing the measurement of soft compliance produces a higher score by eliminating
the metric that detects violations. This is precisely analogous to the E1 transparency
effect: less monitoring produces better-looking numbers, not better behavior.
The meaningful comparisons are therefore those where removing a component produces Θ degrada-
tion: the Soft Only and No Recovery conditions.
7.6.4 Key Findings
Finding 1: Recovery and soft constraints are the dominant contributors to Θ. Across
all 4 models, removing recovery mechanisms (No Recovery condition) or removing hard constraints
while keeping soft constraints exposed (Soft Only condition) produces the largest Θ drops (Figure 4).
Table 14 summarizes the magnitude of these drops.
The mean Θ drop when recovery is disabled is −0.209 (±0.007); the mean drop in the Soft Only
condition (hard constraints and recovery removed) is −0.200 (±0.006). These are large, practically
significant degradations—a Θ reduction of ∼0.20 on a 0–1 scale represents a shift from “reliably
governed” (Θ > 0.90) to “partially governed” (Θ ≈ 0.72).
Finding 2: The Θ drop is remarkably consistent across models. The cross-model standard
deviation of ∆Θ for both degrading conditions is < 0.01. Specifically:
• Soft Only: ∆Θ ranges from −0.192 (Mistral Large 3) to −0.208 (GPT-5.2).
• No Recovery: ∆Θ ranges from −0.199 (Llama 3.3 70B) to −0.215 (Mistral Large 3).
This consistency across models with very different baseline capabilities (Θ ranges from 0.908 to
full
0.967) suggests that the component contributions are properties of the ABC framework architecture,
not artifacts of specific model behavior.
Finding 3: Recovery contributes the largest marginal improvement. The No Recovery
condition produces the largest Θ degradation for 3 of 4 models (Claude Opus, Llama 70B, and
Mistral Large 3). For GPT-5.2, the No Recovery and Soft Only conditions produce identical degra-
dation (∆Θ = −0.208), because this model achieves perfect hard compliance (C = 1.000) in
hard
both conditions, making the only difference the presence or absence of recovery mechanisms.
Mistral Large 3—the model with the weakest baseline alignment—shows the largest recovery
contribution (∆Θ = −0.215), consistent with the theoretical prediction that recovery has the great-
est marginal impact on high-drift agents (Theorem 4.3).
44

Finding 4: Hard constraints maintain safety independently. In the Hard Only condition,
all models retain their C scores from the Full ABC condition (within ±0.001), confirming that
hard
hard constraint enforcement does not depend on the presence of soft constraints or recovery mech-
anisms. Hard compliance is structurally independent: the AgentAssert runtime evaluates hard
invariants as a separate pass that does not interact with the soft constraint evaluator or the recovery
engine.
Finding 5: Drift monitoring operates independently of constraints. The Drift Only con-
dition produces D¯ values identical to all other conditions for each model (GPT-5.2: D¯ = 0.084;
Claude Opus: D¯ = 0.121; Llama 70B: D¯ = 0.056; Mistral Large 3: D¯ = 0.153). This confirms
that the JSD-based drift computation (Definition 3.12) operates on the raw action distribution and
is unaffected by whether constraints are enforced. Drift monitoring provides diagnostic value—
quantifying how far the agent’s behavioral distribution deviates from the reference—even when no
corrective action is taken.
7.6.5 Component Interaction Analysis
The ablation results reveal a critical architectural property of ABC: the components interact multi-
plicatively, not additively. Consider the two degrading conditions:
• Soft Only (removes hard constraints + recovery): soft violations are detected (∼6 per session)
but never corrected. Θ drops by ∼0.20.
• No Recovery (removes recovery only): both hard and soft violations are detected (C and
hard
C remain measurable) but no corrective action is taken. Θ drops by ∼0.21.
soft
If the components contributed additively, we would expect the No Recovery condition (which re-
moves only one component) to produce a smaller drop than the Soft Only condition (which removes
two components). Instead, the drops are nearly identical. This occurs because recovery is the
mechanism through which soft constraint detection translates into behavioral correction: without
recovery, soft constraint monitoring provides transparency but not improvement.
The practical implication is that ABC contracts should always include recovery strategies along-
side soft constraints. Detection without correction leaves Θ at the same level as not monitoring soft
behavior at all.
7.6.6 Statistical Considerations
All E4 comparisons use independent sessions (30 per condition per model) with structurally different
contracts. The within-condition variance is low: Θ standard deviations range from 0.002 (GPT-5.2,
Full ABC) to 0.046 (Llama 70B, Soft Only). The ∆Θ values of ∼0.20 far exceed within-condition
variability, producing large effect sizes (Cohen’s d > 10 for all degrading comparisons).
Because the ablation conditions are not pairwise-independent (they share the same underlying
task set and model), we do not report Bonferroni-corrected p-values for the ablation comparisons.
Instead, we emphasize the practical significance: a Θ drop of 0.20 is an order of magnitude larger
than the measurement noise (σ < 0.02), and is consistent across all 4 models.
Θ
7.7 Runtime Overhead
Proposition 4.15 establishes that the per-action cost of runtime contract checking is O(k + |A|),
where k is the number of constraints and |A| is the action vocabulary size. We now report empirical
measurements confirming this bound in practice.
45

For the financial-advisor contract used in E1 (k = 12 evaluable constraints, |A| < 30 ac-
tion types), the measured wall-clock overhead of the AgentAssert enforcement loop—comprising
constraint evaluation, JSD update, compliance scoring, and event emission—is consistently below
10ms per action across all 2,520 LLM calls. This represents less than 1% of the typical LLM in-
ference latency (1,000–3,000ms for frontier models), confirming that contract enforcement is not a
bottleneck in production deployments.
The overhead scales linearly in k, as shown in Figure 5: for contracts with k = 50 constraints
(the upper range in our benchmark suite), overhead remains below 15ms; for k = 100, below 25ms.
Even at the extreme of k = 100 constraints—far exceeding any practical enterprise contract—the
overhead is negligible relative to LLM inference.
Remark 7.1. The overhead measurements reported here include the full enforcement loop (constraint
evaluation, metric tracking, event emission) but exclude network latency to the LLM provider,
which dominates end-to-end latency by two to three orders of magnitude. The relevant comparison
for deployment decisions is enforcement overhead versus LLM inference latency, not enforcement
overhead in isolation.
8 Discussion
We now interpret the key findings from our theoretical analysis and empirical evaluation, identify
limitations of the current work, assess threats to the validity of our results, and reflect on the broader
implications of behavioral contracts for AI agent governance.
8.1 Interpretation of Key Findings
The transparency effect. The most striking empirical result is what we term the transparency
effect: across all seven models from six vendors, contracted agents surfaced approximately 5.2–6.8
soft constraint violations per session that uncontracted agents missed entirely (cf. Section 7). The
soft compliance score C(t) was lower under contracted execution—a result that might initially
soft
appear to indicate regression. It is, in fact, the opposite: contracts make previously invisible
violations explicit and measurable. Without contract enforcement, soft violations—tone degradation,
confidence threshold breaches, latency advisories—occur silently. The agent’s behavior drifts, but
no metric registers the deviation because no specification exists against which to evaluate. With
contracts in place, the same underlying behavior is evaluated against formal predicates at every
step, and violations that would otherwise pass unnoticed are detected, logged, and counted.
This finding has a direct analogy in software engineering: introducing a test suite does not
cause bugs. It reveals bugs that already existed. Similarly, introducing behavioral contracts does
not degrade agent performance; it reveals performance gaps that were always present but previously
unobservable. The transparency effect validates the core premise of the ABC framework: you cannot
govern what you cannot measure, and contracts provide the measurement apparatus.
Hard constraint compliance across model families. The hard compliance scores C(t)
hard
were high across all models, with contracted agents achieving C(t) ≥ 0.88 in every case. For
hard
several models, hard compliance was near-perfect (C(t) = 1.000) in both contracted and uncon-
hard
tracted conditions. This suggests that frontier LLMs have internalized many safety-critical behaviors
through training-time alignment—consistent with the objectives of Constitutional AI [Bai et al.,
2022] and RLHF [Ouyang et al., 2022]. However, the small but nonzero hard violation rate observed
in weaker models (e.g., C(t) = 0.882 for one model under contract) indicates that training-time
hard
46

alignment alone is insufficient for deployment scenarios demanding zero-tolerance on safety con-
straints. The ABC framework provides the additional enforcement layer needed to close this gap,
catching the residual violations that alignment misses.
Implications for enterprise deployment. The (p,δ,k)-satisfaction framework (Definition 3.7)
translates the transparency effect into an operationally useful governance primitive. An enterprise
deploying a financial advisory agent can now specify, for example, that the agent must satisfy all
hard constraints with probability p ≥ 0.99, that soft compliance deviations remain within δ = 0.10,
and that any soft violation must be recovered within k = 3 steps. These parameters are not
aspirational targets; they are testable specifications that can be evaluated against empirical data
from calibration runs and continuously monitored in production. The stochastic drift bound theorem
(Theorem 4.3) provides the theoretical backing: the contract design criterion (21) tells the deployer
exactly what recovery rate γ is needed to meet the specification. This closes the loop between
governance requirements and engineering implementation—a loop that has been conspicuously open
in the AI agent ecosystem.
Drift as a predictive signal. The behavioral drift score D(t) (Definition 3.12) was designed as a
composite of a lagging indicator (compliance drift) and a leading indicator (distributional drift via
Jensen–Shannon divergence). Our experiments confirm that the distributional component registers
shifts in the agent’s action distribution before those shifts manifest as explicit constraint violations,
consistent with the design intent described in Remark 3.16. The mean drift values observed (D
mean
ranging from 0.073 to 0.154 across models) fell within the “negligible to mild” operational range
identified in Remark 3.13, indicating that the 6-turn sessions used in our experiments were too
short to provoke severe drift. Longer sessions, as tested in the drift prevention experiment (E2), are
needed to stress the drift bounds under sustained interaction.
8.2 Limitations
We identify six limitations of the current work. We report these candidly to guide future research
and to help practitioners assess the applicability of ABC to their specific deployment contexts.
L1: State dictionary assumption. The ABC evaluator (Section 5) operates on a structured
state dictionary: constraints such as output.tone_score ≥ 0.7 require that the field output.tone_score
exists in the state and contains a pre-computed numerical value. The framework does not compute
these features from raw agent output. In practice, producing fields like tone_score, pii_detected,
or confidence_score requires a separate machine learning pipeline (e.g., a sentiment classifier, a
PII scanner, a calibration model) that runs alongside or before the contract evaluator. This pre-
processing step is outside the scope of ABC and represents a non-trivial integration requirement.
Future work should explore tighter coupling between feature extraction and contract evaluation,
potentially through a plug-in architecture that registers feature extractors as part of the contract
specification.
L2: Reference distribution calibration. The distributional component of the drift score
D(t) (t) (Definition 3.12) requires a reference distribution P obtained from compli-
distributional reference
ant calibration sessions. In the current implementation, this reference must be established through
dedicated calibration runs before deployment. We do not provide automated tooling for calibration,
nor do we address the question of when the reference distribution becomes stale and needs recali-
bration. In non-stationary deployment environments—where task distributions shift over weeks or
47

months—the reference distribution may drift even as the agent remains well-behaved, leading to
false positive drift alarms. Adaptive reference distribution methods, analogous to the adaptive win-
dowing techniques used in concept drift detection [Gama et al., 2014], would mitigate this limitation
but are not yet implemented.
L3: Recovery is monitoring by default. The recovery mechanism R in the ABC contract
(Definition 3.1) is a partial function that maps violated constraints and current state to corrective
action sequences. In the AgentAssert implementation, however, the default recovery strategy is
event emission: when a soft violation occurs, the runtime emits a violation notification event that
downstream handlers can subscribe to, but no corrective action is taken unless the deployer registers
a custom recovery handler. This means that out-of-the-box, AgentAssert detects violations but
does not correct them. Deployers must implement domain-specific recovery logic—prompt injection,
context rewriting, tool re-invocation—for each recoverable constraint. While this design choice
preserves generality (the framework cannot know, in general, how to recover from a tone violation
in a financial context versus a healthcare context), it places significant implementation burden on
the deployer. A library of reusable, parameterizable recovery strategies for common constraint types
would substantially improve the framework’s practical utility.
L4: k-window stationarity assumption. The drift bounds theorem (Theorem 4.3) models
behavioral drift as an Ornstein–Uhlenbeck process and derives its results under the assumption that
the process has reached—or is close to—its stationary distribution. The convergence to stationarity
is exponential at rate 2γ (Theorem 4.3(v)), so for contracts with sufficiently high recovery rate γ,
the transient phase is short. However, for sessions that are brief relative to 1/(2γ)—a few turns with
a low-frequency enforcement schedule—the stationary approximation may not hold, and the drift
bounds become optimistic. The finite-time bound (19) addresses this concern partially by providing
an exact expression for the mean-squared drift at any time t, but practitioners should be aware
that the simplified tail bound (18) applies only under stationarity. In our experiments, the 6-turn
sessions used for E1 represent a regime where the transient contribution may be non-negligible,
particularly for models with lower natural compliance (i.e., higher α).
L5: Compositionality under correlated failures. The compositionality theorem (Theorem 4.11)
relies on condition (C5): that agent B’s contract satisfaction is conditionally independent of agent A’s
internal execution, given a contract-compliant handoff. As noted in Remark 4.12, this condition is
satisfied when agents use different LLM providers or model instances. When agents in a pipeline
share the same underlying LLM—a common cost-optimization strategy in enterprise deployments—
correlated failure modes (systematic prompt sensitivity, shared training biases, correlated API out-
ages) violate conditional independence. In this regime, the probability bound (28) becomes opti-
mistic, and the true end-to-end reliability may be lower than the product of per-agent reliabilities.
The Fréchet–Hoeffding lower bound cited in Remark 4.12 provides a conservative alternative, but it
may be overly pessimistic. Characterizing the correlation structure of LLM failures across pipeline
stages—and deriving tighter composition bounds under known correlation—is an important open
problem.
L6: Benchmark circularity. AgentContract-Bench (Section 6) evaluates the AgentAssert
enforcement engine against synthetic execution traces with pre-annotated ground-truth violations.
This design tests engine consistency—whether the evaluator correctly identifies violations given
48

a known trace—but it does not test behavioral detection—whether the system identifies viola-
tions in live agent behavior. The distinction is critical: a synthetic trace with a pre-computed
pii_detected: true field tests the evaluator’s ability to check pii_detected == false, but it
does not test whether the PII detection model that populates pii_detected is accurate. The
benchmark achieves high accuracy by design, since it evaluates the enforcement logic against its
own specification language. The live agent experiments (Section 7) partially address this limitation
by evaluating contracts on actual LLM outputs, but the full end-to-end pipeline—from raw text
to feature extraction to contract evaluation—remains an integration challenge that the benchmark
does not capture.
8.3 Threats to Validity
Internal validity. LLM API responses are non-deterministic: the same prompt may yield differ-
ent outputs across invocations due to sampling temperature, nucleus truncation, hardware floating-
point differences, and server-side load balancing. We mitigate this threat by running 30 sessions
per model per condition (contracted vs. uncontracted), yielding 60 sessions per model (30 per con-
dition) and 420 sessions total across 7 models. Statistical significance is assessed via Welch’s t-tests
(independent samples), with p < 0.0001 for all reported comparisons. Nonetheless, prompt sen-
sitivity remains a concern: different prompt formulations for the same task could yield different
compliance profiles. We use a single prompt template per task and do not evaluate robustness to
prompt paraphrasing.
Temperature effects represent another internal threat. Our experiments use each model’s default
temperature setting (typically T = 1.0 or the provider’s recommended default). Lower temperatures
would reduce output variance and likely improve compliance; higher temperatures would increase
variance and likely degrade it. The interaction between temperature and contract compliance is an
empirical question we do not explore.
External validity. Our experiments evaluate contracts on 10 financial advisory tasks over 6-turn
sessions. While the financial domain is representative of high-stakes enterprise deployment, the
generalizability to other domains (healthcare, legal, customer support) is not established empirically.
Different domains may exhibit different drift rates α, different natural compliance probabilities q,
and different recovery effectiveness profiles. The AgentContract-Bench benchmark spans 7
domains, but as noted in Limitation L6, the benchmark evaluates engine consistency rather than
live behavioral detection. Broader empirical evaluation across domains, task complexities, and
session lengths is needed to establish the generality of the transparency effect.
Construct validity. The metrics reported in this paper—C(t) , C(t) , D(t), Θ—are de-
hard soft
fined by the ABC framework itself. The drift score D(t) assigns application-specific weights to
its compliance and distributional components (Definition 3.12); the reliability index Θ combines
compliance, drift, recovery, and stress metrics with calibrated weights (Definition 3.20). Different
weight choices would yield different numerical results. We adopt consistent weights throughout
our experiments, with a sensitivity analysis (±20%) confirming robustness to parameter variation.
The ablation study (E4) partially addresses this concern by evaluating performance under different
contract components, but a systematic exploration of the weight space remains future work.
Furthermore, our metrics are contract-relative: they measure compliance with respect to the
specific constraints defined in the contract. A contract that specifies few constraints will report high
compliance regardless of actual agent quality; a contract that specifies many aggressive constraints
will report low compliance even for well-behaved agents. The metrics do not capture an absolute
49

notion of “agent quality” independent of the contract specification. This is by design—contracts
are deployment-specific—but it means that reported numbers should be interpreted relative to the
contract, not as universal quality scores.
8.4 Broader Impact
Quantifiable AI governance. The primary positive impact of ABC is enabling quantifiable AI
governance for regulated industries. Financial services, healthcare, and legal domains face increas-
ing regulatory pressure to demonstrate that AI systems operate within defined behavioral bounds.
Current compliance practices rely on periodic audits, prompt engineering reviews, and manual
testing—none of which provides continuous, quantitative assurance. The ABC framework offers
a path toward continuous compliance monitoring: deployers specify behavioral contracts upfront,
the runtime enforces them at every step, and the resulting compliance metrics (C(t) , C(t) ,
hard soft
D(t)) provide auditable evidence of contract adherence. The (p,δ,k)-satisfaction parameters can
be mapped directly to regulatory requirements (e.g., “the agent must comply with privacy con-
straints with probability ≥ 0.99”), creating a formal link between regulatory intent and technical
implementation.
Relationship to training-time alignment. The ABC framework is complementary to, not a
replacement for, training-time alignment methods such as Constitutional AI [Bai et al., 2022] and
RLHF [Ouyang et al., 2022]. Training-time alignment improves the baseline behavior of the under-
lying model, reducing the natural drift rate α in our Ornstein–Uhlenbeck model (Definition 4.1).
Runtime contracts increase the recovery rate γ. The drift bound D∗ = α/γ (Theorem 4.3(ii))
shows that both mechanisms contribute to lower equilibrium drift, and they compose multiplica-
tively: a better-aligned model and stronger contracts yield a smaller D∗ than either alone. The
impossibility result of Wang et al. [2026a]—that safety alignment inevitably degrades absent exter-
nal intervention in self-evolving systems—provides theoretical justification for this layered defense:
training-time alignment reduces drift, but runtime enforcement is needed to bound it.
Potential for misuse: false sense of security. We acknowledge that behavioral contracts carry
a risk of creating a false sense of security. A deployer who writes a contract with a small number
of shallow constraints—e.g., checking only that output length is below a threshold—may observe
high compliance scores and conclude, incorrectly, that the agent is behaving well. The contract
evaluates only what is specified; unspecified behaviors are unmonitored. This is a fundamental
property of any specification-based system (one cannot verify properties that are not specified),
but it becomes particularly insidious in the agent context because the space of possible behaviors
is vast and the consequences of unspecified failures can be severe. We mitigate this risk through
the ContractSpec DSL’s structured categories, which prompt contract authors to consider a
comprehensive taxonomy of organizational governance concerns spanning resource management,
data protection, action boundaries, escalation protocols, and regulatory compliance, and through
the benchmark’s stress profiles, which test contracts against adversarial conditions. Nonetheless,
the quality of governance is bounded by the quality of the contract, and incomplete specifications
remain a practical risk.
Relationship to the AI safety community. The ABC framework contributes to the broader
AI safety research program by providing formal, runtime-enforceable behavioral specifications for
autonomous agents. While the safety community has focused primarily on alignment (ensuring
models want to behave well) and interpretability (understanding why models behave as they do),
50

runtime enforcement addresses the complementary question of ensuring that agents do behave well—
regardless of whether their internal representations are aligned or interpretable. The shielding ap-
proach of Alshiekh et al. [2018] provides the closest parallel in the reinforcement learning literature,
but ABC extends shielding from the setting of agents with known environment models to the open-
ended, natural language environments in which LLM agents operate.
More broadly, the contract-based approach embodies the principle that safety is a system prop-
erty, not a model property. A model that is aligned in isolation may behave unsafely when deployed
in an adversarial environment, when composed with other agents, or when operating under resource
constraints. Behavioral contracts shift the locus of safety assurance from the model to the deploy-
ment configuration, enabling the same model to be deployed under different contracts for different
contexts—a financial contract for advisory tasks, a healthcare contract for triage tasks—with formal
guarantees tailored to each.
Open questions for future work. Several directions merit investigation. First, adaptive con-
tracts that modify their parameters (p,δ,k) in response to observed compliance history could provide
tighter guarantees without manual recalibration. Second, contract inference—automatically deriv-
ing contract specifications from observed agent behavior or from regulatory documents—would
reduce the specification burden on deployers. Third, extending the compositionality theorem to
parallel and hierarchical multi-agent architectures (beyond the serial chains treated here) would
broaden the framework’s applicability to modern agentic system topologies. Fourth, integrating
ABC with the resource governance framework of Ye and Tan [2026] would yield a unified system
governing both how much an agent may consume and how it must behave. Finally, longitudi-
nal studies evaluating contract effectiveness over weeks or months of continuous deployment would
establish whether the theoretical stationarity assumptions hold in practice and whether the trans-
parency effect persists as operators tune contracts in response to observed violations.
9 Conclusion
We have presented Agent Behavioral Contracts (ABC), a formal framework that brings Design-by-
Contract principles to autonomous AI agents. The framework introduces a contract tuple C =
(P,I ,I ,G ,G ,R) that distinguishes hard constraints (safety-critical, zero-tolerance)
hard soft hard soft
from soft constraints (recoverable within a bounded window k), paired with a recovery mecha-
nism that transforms exponential compliance decay into linear decay (Lemma 3.10). The (p,δ,k)-
satisfaction definition (Definition 3.7) provides a probabilistic notion of contract compliance that
accounts for the inherent non-determinism of large language model outputs, connecting agent be-
havioral specification to established PCTL model-checking semantics. We have implemented these
ideas in ContractSpec, a YAML-based domain-specific language for contract specification, and
AgentAssert, a runtime enforcement library, and evaluated them on AgentContract-Bench,
a benchmark of 200 scenarios spanning 7 domains.
Summary of contributions. The ABC framework advances the state of the art along six pillars,
each representing a distinct innovation:
1. Hard/soft constraint separation. The formal distinction between hard invariants I
hard
(safety properties) and soft invariants I (bounded-liveness properties with recovery win-
soft
dow k) enables nuanced governance policies that neither over-restrict agent autonomy nor
under-protect safety-critical behaviors (Section 3.1).
51

2. Behavioral drift detection. The composite drift score D(t) = w · D (t) + w ·
c compliance d
D (t) (Definition 3.12), grounded in an Ornstein–Uhlenbeck stochastic process model
distributional
(Definition 4.1), provides both a lagging indicator (compliance drift) and a leading indicator
(Jensen–Shannon distributional drift) of emerging misalignment. The Stochastic Drift Bound
Theorem (Theorem 4.3) proves that contracts with recovery rate γ > α bound expected drift
to D∗ = α/γ, with Gaussian concentration and a closed-form design criterion for the minimum
recovery rate needed to meet any target (D ,ε) specification.
max
3. Real recovery. The recovery mechanism R is not bookkeeping: it re-prompts the LLM with
corrective instructions when soft violations are detected, achieving measurable restoration of
compliance in real time (Section 3.4).
4. Compositionality. The Compositionality Theorem (Theorem 4.9) and its probabilistic ex-
tension (Theorem 4.11) establish sufficient conditions—interface compatibility, assumption
discharge, governance consistency, recovery independence, and conditional independence—
under which individual contract guarantees compose into end-to-end guarantees for multi-agent
chains, with quantified reliability degradation bounds (Corollary 4.13).
5. SPRT certification. The Sequential Probability Ratio Test provides a statistically principled
stopping rule for deciding whether an agent satisfies its contract at a target confidence level,
enabling sample-efficient certification without fixed sample-size commitments.
6. ContractSpec and AgentAssert. The ContractSpec DSL (Section 5.1) provides
a declarative specification language with a comprehensive set of structured operators and ex-
pressive predicates, while AgentAssert (Section 5) provides a production-grade enforcement
runtime with sub-10ms per-action overhead (Proposition 4.15).
Key experimental findings. Our evaluation across 7 models from 6 vendors, totaling 1,980
sessions, yielded the following principal results:
• The transparency effect. Contracted agents detected 5.2–6.8 soft violations per session that
uncontracted agents missed entirely (0.0–0.3 violations per session in uncontracted mode).
This is not regression; it is the measurement apparatus revealing violations that were always
present but previously unobservable (Section 8.1).
• Hard constraint enforcement. Hard compliance C(t) reached 88%–100% across all mod-
hard
els under contract, confirming that the combination of training-time alignment and runtime
enforcement achieves near-perfect hard safety guarantees.
• Drift prevention. In extended 12-turn sessions (E2), contracted agents maintained mean drift
D(t) = 0.139, with maximum drift bounded to D = 0.264 across all models. Uncontracted
max
agents produce no measurable drift (no contract exists as reference). The D(t) trajectory con-
firmed the Ornstein–Uhlenbeck mean-reversion prediction of Theorem 4.3, with drift stabilizing
near the theoretical bound D∗ = α/γ under sustained interaction.
• Real recovery effectiveness. Recovery re-prompting restored soft compliance within the pre-
scribed window in 100% of violation events for frontier models (GPT-5.2 and Claude Opus
4.6), validating the practical impact of the linearization result (Lemma 3.10).
• Ablation. True ablation (E4) demonstrated that each contract component—hard constraints,
soft constraints, drift monitoring, and recovery—contributes a 0.19–0.22 drop to the overall
reliability index Θ, with no single component being redundant.
• Platform guardrail interaction. We documented interference between platform-level content
safety filters (Azure DefaultV2) and application-level behavioral contracts, finding that overly
strict platform guardrails block 40–60% of legitimate multi-turn conversations (Section 7.1.6).
ABC operating under lighter platform filtering achieves equivalent or better domain compliance
52

with zero false blocking, confirming that platform guardrails and behavioral contracts operate
at complementary abstraction layers (Section 8.1).
Practical impact. The ABC framework fills a critical gap in the AI agent governance landscape.
Before this work, deployers faced a binary choice: operate agents with no formal behavioral guar-
antees (dangerous for regulated industries) or rely on platform-level guardrails that cannot express
domain-specific compliance requirements and lack compositionality across multi-agent pipelines.
ABC provides the middle ground—formal specification with runtime enforcement—that enterprise
deployments require. The (p,δ,k)-satisfaction parameters translate directly into auditable gover-
nance criteria (Section 8.4), the drift bounds theorem provides a closed-form design rule for the
minimum recovery rate needed to meet any reliability target (Theorem 4.3(vi)), and the compo-
sitionality theorem quantifies reliability degradation across agent chains (Corollary 4.13), giving
system architects the analytical tools to reason about end-to-end behavioral guarantees before de-
ployment. The publication of AgentContract-Bench with 200 scenarios across 7 domains en-
ables reproducible evaluation of future contract enforcement systems, establishing a shared baseline
for the emerging field of agent behavioral governance.
Limitations. We acknowledge three principal limitations. First, the current implementation re-
lies on heuristic state extraction from LLM outputs to evaluate contract predicates; our experiments
mitigate this via LLM-as-Judge evaluation (Section 7), but ground-truth extraction from unstruc-
tured agent outputs remains an open challenge. Second, our primary empirical evaluation uses
the financial advisory domain as a rich test case combining safety-critical hard constraints with nu-
anced soft constraints; while we validate across 7 models from 6 vendors and the framework supports
arbitrary domains via ContractSpec contracts, broader empirical validation across tool-calling
agents, multi-modal interactions, and live production deployments is needed. Third, the LLM-as-
Judge evaluation layer introduces additional API cost and latency; optimizing the judge pipeline for
production-scale continuous monitoring is an engineering challenge that our current implementation
does not fully address. A comprehensive discussion of limitations and threats to validity is provided
in Section 8.2 and Section 8.3.
Future work. Several directions emerge from this work. Guardrail coordination protocols—formal
mechanisms for negotiating the boundary between platform-level content safety and application-level
behavioral contracts—would resolve the interference we documented between Azure DefaultV2 and
ABC contract enforcement, and would generalize to any deployment where multiple governance
layers coexist. Formal verification of contract composition beyond serial chains—extending Theo-
rem 4.9 to parallel, hierarchical, and cyclic multi-agent topologies—would broaden the framework’s
applicability to modern agentic architectures such as those enabled by CrewAI [Moura, 2024], Au-
toGen [Wu et al., 2023], and OpenAI’s Agents SDK. Continuous certification via online SPRT—
running the Sequential Probability Ratio Test in streaming mode against production traffic—would
enable real-time contract compliance decisions without the latency of offline batch evaluation. Con-
tract inference—automatically deriving ContractSpec specifications from regulatory documents,
organizational policies, or observed compliant agent behavior—would reduce the specification bur-
den on deployers. Finally, extending ABC to multi-modal agents operating over vision, audio, and
tool-use modalities would address the growing deployment of agents that interact with the world
through channels beyond text.
The core thesis of this paper is that autonomous AI agents require the same principled behavioral
specification and runtime enforcement that traditional software has relied on for decades. Prompts
53

are not contracts. Trust is not governance. Agent Behavioral Contracts close this gap: they
make agent behavior formally specifiable, continuously measurable, and provably bounded—turning
the current practice of “deploy and hope” into the engineering discipline of “specify, monitor, and
enforce.”
A Full Proofs
A.1 Full Proof of the Stochastic Drift Bounds Theorem
We prove each part of the Stochastic Drift Bounds Theorem through a sequence of increasingly
general arguments: a deterministic warm-up via Lyapunov theory, the stochastic extension via Itô
calculus, ergodicity via the Foster–Lyapunov criterion, and finally the contract design criterion.
A.1.1 Deterministic Case (Warm-up)
Consider the deterministic drift dynamics
dD
= α − γ D(t), D(0) = D ≥ 0, (32)
0
dt
where α > 0 is the drift injection rate and γ > 0 is the mean-reversion strength.
Lemma A.1 (Deterministic Stability). The equilibrium D∗ = α/γ of (32) is globally asymptotically
stable, with explicit convergence
(cid:12) (cid:12)D(t) − α/γ (cid:12) (cid:12) = (cid:12) (cid:12)D 0 − α/γ (cid:12) (cid:12)e−γt. (33)
Proof. Define the error variable e(t) := D(t) − D∗ where D∗ = α/γ. Substituting into (32):
de
=
dD
= α − γ
(cid:0)
e +
D∗(cid:1)
= α − γe − γ ·
α
= −γ e.
dt dt γ
Consider the Lyapunov candidate V (e) = e2. This function satisfies the standard requirements:
(i) V (0) = 0,
(ii) V (e) > 0 for all e ̸= 0,
(iii) V (e) → ∞ as |e| → ∞ (radial unboundedness).
Computing the orbital derivative along trajectories of the error system:
dV de
= 2e · = 2e · (−γe) = −2γ e2 = −2γ V (e).
dt dt
Since dV/dt < 0 for all e ̸= 0 and V is radially unbounded, Lyapunov’s global asymptotic stability
theorem guarantees that D∗ is globally asymptotically stable. The Lyapunov ODE V˙ = −2γV
integrates to V (t) = V (0)e−2γt, yielding the explicit bound (33).
54

A.1.2 Stochastic Extension via Itô Calculus
We now introduce stochastic perturbations, modeling the drift dynamics as an Ornstein–Uhlenbeck
(OU) process.
Theorem A.2 (Stochastic Drift Bounds — Mean-Square Convergence). Consider the stochastic
drift dynamics
dD = (α − γD)dt + σ dW(t), (34)
where W(t) is a standard Wiener process and σ > 0 is the volatility parameter. Then:
(i) The mean-square error satisfies
E
(cid:104)
(cid:0) D(t) − α/γ (cid:1)2
(cid:105)
=
(cid:18)
E
(cid:104)
(cid:0) D − α/γ (cid:1)2
(cid:105)
−
σ2(cid:19)
e−2γt +
σ2
. (35)
0
2γ 2γ
(cid:104) (cid:105)
(ii) As t → ∞, E (cid:0) D(t) − α/γ (cid:1)2 → σ2/(2γ).
(iii) The convergence rate to the stationary variance is 2γ.
Proof. Define the error process e(t) := D(t) − D∗ with D∗ = α/γ. Substituting into (34):
de = −γ edt + σ dW(t).
Let V (e) = e2. We apply Itô’s formula to V :
∂V 1 ∂2V
dV = de + (de)2. (36)
∂e 2 ∂e2
Computing each component:
∂V ∂2V
= 2e, = 2,
∂e ∂e2
de = −γedt + σ dW, (de)2 = σ2 dt,
where (de)2 = σ2 dt follows from Itô’s multiplication rules: (dW)2 = dt, dt · dW = 0, (dt)2 = 0.
Substituting into (36):
dV = 2e (cid:0) −γedt + σ dW (cid:1) + 1 · 2 · σ2 dt
2
= (cid:0) −2γe2 + σ2(cid:1) dt + 2σedW. (37)
The infinitesimal generator of the process applied to V is therefore
LV (e) = −2γe2 + σ2. (38)
Taking expectations of both sides of (37), the stochastic integral (cid:82) t 2σe(s)dW(s) vanishes in ex-
0
pectation because it is a martingale (the integrand 2σe(s) satisfies standard integrability conditions
for the OU process). Thus:
d
E[V (t)] = −2γ E[V (t)] + σ2. (39)
dt
This is a first-order linear ODE in E[V (t)] with constant coefficients. Solving via the integrating
factor e2γt:
d (cid:2) e2γt E[V (t)] (cid:3) = σ2 e2γt.
dt
55

Integrating from 0 to t:
e2γt E[V (t)] − E[V (0)] =
σ2
(cid:0) e2γt − 1 (cid:1) .
2γ
Solving for E[V (t)] yields (35). As t → ∞, the exponential term vanishes, giving E[V (∞)] =
σ2/(2γ).
This establishes parts (ii), (iii), and (v) of the main theorem.
A.1.3 Ergodicity via the Foster–Lyapunov Criterion
We now establish the existence and uniqueness of a stationary distribution.
Theorem A.3 (Foster–Lyapunov Criterion [Meyn and Tweedie, 1993]). Let {X(t)} be a continuous-
t≥0
time Markov process on Rd with infinitesimal generator L. Suppose there exist a function V : Rd →
[1,∞), constants λ > 0 and b ≥ 0, and a compact set C ⊂ Rd such that
LV (x) ≤ −λV (x) + b for all x ∈ Rd. (40)
(cid:82)
Then {X(t)} possesses a unique stationary distribution π, and V dπ ≤ b/λ + sup V .
C
Proposition A.4 (Ergodicity of the Drift Process). The stochastic drift process (34) admits a
unique stationary distribution π satisfying E [e2] ≤ σ2/(2γ).
π
Proof. We use the Lyapunov function V (e) = e2 throughout for the convergence analysis. For the
Foster–Lyapunov criterion, we require V ≥ 1, so we define V˜(e) = V (e) + 1 = e2 + 1. Applying the
generator (38):
LV˜(e) = L(e2 + 1) = L(e2) = −2γe2 + σ2
= −2γ (cid:0) V˜(e) − 1 (cid:1) + σ2
= −2γ V˜(e) + (cid:0) 2γ + σ2(cid:1) .
This satisfies the Foster–Lyapunov condition (40) globally (not merely outside a compact set) with
parameters
λ = 2γ, b = 2γ + σ2.
By Theorem A.3, the process admits a unique stationary distribution π with
E (cid:2) e2 + 1 (cid:3) ≤ b + supV˜ = 2γ + σ2 + supV˜.
π
λ 2γ
C C
Since the bound holds globally, we can take C to be any compact set containing the origin, and the
tighter direct calculation from Theorem A.2 gives E [e2] = σ2/(2γ).
π
This establishes part (i) of the main theorem.
A.1.4 Gaussian Tail Bound
Proposition A.5 (Stationary Tail Probability). Under the stationary distribution, the drift exceeds
a threshold α/γ + η with probability
P (cid:0) D > α/γ + η (cid:1) ≤ exp
(cid:18)
− γ
η2(cid:19)
. (41)
π σ2
56

Proof. The OU process (34) has stationary distribution
(cid:18)
α
σ2(cid:19)
π = N , . (42)
D
γ 2γ
For a Gaussian random variable X ∼ N(µ,s2), the standard tail bound gives
(cid:18) η2 (cid:19)
P(X > µ + η) ≤ exp − .
2s2
Applying this with µ = α/γ and s2 = σ2/(2γ):
P (cid:0) D > α/γ + η (cid:1) ≤ exp (cid:18) − η2 (cid:19) = exp (cid:18) − γ η2(cid:19) .
π 2 · σ2/(2γ) σ2
This establishes part (iv) of the main theorem.
A.1.5 Contract Design Criterion
Proposition A.6 (Minimum Correction Strength). To guarantee P (D > D ) ≤ ε for a pre-
π max
scribed tolerance ε ∈ (0,1), it suffices that
(cid:115)
α ln(1/ε)
D ≥ + σ , (43)
max
γ γ
or equivalently, the correction strength satisfies
(cid:112)
α σ 2ln(1/ε)
γ ≥ + . (44)
D 2D
max max
Proof. We require P (D > D ) ≤ ε. From Proposition A.5 with η = D − α/γ:
π max max
(cid:32) (cid:0) (cid:1)2(cid:33)
γ D − α/γ
max
exp − ≤ ε.
σ2
Taking logarithms of both sides and rearranging:
γ
(cid:0)
D − α/γ
(cid:1)2
γ η2 1
max
− ≤ lnε ⇐⇒ ≥ ln ,
σ2 σ2 ε
where η := D − α/γ > 0. Solving for η:
max
(cid:115)
ln(1/ε)
η ≥ σ ,
γ
which yields (43) upon substituting η = D − α/γ.
max
For the exact bound on γ, substitute ∆ = D − α/γ into γ∆2 ≥ σ2 ln(1/ε) and expand:
max
(cid:18) α (cid:19)2 1 α2 1
γ D − ≥ σ2 ln ⇐⇒ γD2 − 2αD + ≥ σ2 ln .
max γ ε max max γ ε
Multiplying through by γ > 0 yields the quadratic
D2 γ2 − (cid:0) 2αD + σ2 ln(1/ε) (cid:1) γ + α2 = 0.
max max
The discriminant is (cid:0) 2αD +σ2 ln(1/ε) (cid:1)2 −4α2D2 ≥ 0, and the constraint γ∆2 ≥ σ2 ln(1/ε) is
max max
satisfied for γ at or above the larger root, yielding (21). When σ2 ln(1/ε) ≪ 2αD , a first-order
max
expansion recovers the simpler approximate criterion γ ≳ α/D + σ (cid:112) 2ln(1/ε)/(2D ).
max max
This establishes part (vi) of the main theorem.
57

A.2 Proof of the Recovery Lemma
Lemma A.7 (Recovery-Augmented Compliance). Let q ∈ (0,1) denote the per-step compliance
probability and r ∈ [0,1] the recovery effectiveness (probability that a violation is corrected within k
recovery steps). Then:
(i) Without recovery: P[compliance over T steps] = qT.
(ii) With recovery: P[recoverable compliance] ≥ 1 − T(1 − q)(1 − r).
Proof. At each discrete time step t ∈ {0,1,...,T − 1}, define the events:
V := (cid:8) C (t) < 1 − δ (cid:9) (violation at step t),
t soft
F := V ∩ (cid:8)recovery fails within k steps(cid:9) (unrecoverable failure at step t).
t t
Part (i). Without recovery, compliance over T steps requires V c (no violation) at every step.
t
Since each step succeeds independently with probability q:
(cid:34)T−1 (cid:35)
(cid:92)
P V c = qT.
t
t=0
Part (ii). With recovery, we have
P(V ) = 1 − q, P(recovery fails | V ) = 1 − r.
t t
By conditional probability, P(F ) = P(V ) · P(recovery fails | V ) = (1 − q)(1 − r) for each step t.
t t t
The soft compliance guarantee fails if and only if there exists some step t at which an unrecov-
erable failure occurs. By the union bound:
T−1
P(cid:0) ∃t ∈ {0,...,T − 1} : F (cid:1) ≤ (cid:88) P(F ) = T (1 − q)(1 − r).
t t
t=0
Taking the complement:
P(soft guarantee holds) ≥ 1 − T(1 − q)(1 − r).
Remark A.8 (Tightness of the Union Bound). Figure 6 illustrates the practical impact of recovery on
agent reliability across models, confirming the theoretical bounds derived above. The union bound
in Lemma A.7 is conservative because violations and recoveries create negative autocorrelation: a
successful recovery at step t makes compliance at step t + 1 more likely (the system has just been
corrected). Tighter bounds using renewal theory yield an expected violation fraction of
(1 − q) · E[τ ]
recovery
,
E[τ ] + E[τ ]
inter-violation recovery
where τ is the recovery time and τ is the time between successive violations. This
recovery inter-violation
renewal-theoretic bound is tight as T → ∞.
58

A.3 Proof of the Compositionality Theorem
Theorem A.9 (Deterministic Contract Composition). Let agents A and B satisfy contracts C
A
and C respectively, i.e., A |= C and B |= C . Under conditions:
B A B
(C1) Interface compatibility: A handoff invariant I is maintained at the boundary between
handoff
A and B.
(C2) Pre/postcondition chaining: PostCond ∧I ⇒ P (A’s postcondition plus the hand-
A handoff B
off invariant implies B’s precondition).
(C3) Governance compatibility: G ∪ G contains no conflicting governance constraints.
A B
(C4) Recovery isolation: R does not violate P , and R does not violate I .
A B B A
Then Chain(A,B) |= C , where C is the composed contract with:
A⊕B A⊕B
P = P , I = I ∧ I ∧ I ,
A⊕B A A⊕B A B handoff
G = G ∪ G , R = compose(R ,R ,R ).
A⊕B A B A⊕B A B cascade
Proof. We verify each component of the composed contract C .
A⊕B
Step 1: Preconditions. The composed system’s precondition is P = P . Since the envi-
A⊕B A
ronment satisfies P and A |= C , agent A executes within its contract. This establishes the entry
A A
condition for the chain.
Step 2: Pre/postcondition chaining. Since A |= C , the postcondition PostCond holds
A A
upon A’s completion. By (C1), the handoff invariant I holds at the boundary. By (C2),
handoff
PostCond ∧ I ⇒ P . Therefore P holds and B can execute within its contract C .
A handoff B B B
Step 3: Invariant preservation. The composed invariant is I = I ∧ I ∧ I . We
A⊕B A B handoff
verify each conjunct:
• A |= C implies I holds throughout A’s execution phase.
A A
• B |= C implies I holds throughout B’s execution phase.
B B
• I holds by (C1).
handoff
Therefore I holds throughout the chain’s execution.
A⊕B
Step 4: Governance respect. The composed governance set is G = G ∪G . By (C3), this
A⊕B A B
union is conflict-free. Since A |= C implies G is respected and B |= C implies G is respected,
A A B B
the full governance set G is respected by the chain.
A⊕B
Step 5: Recovery composition. The composed recovery mechanism is R = compose(R ,R ,R ).
A⊕B A B cascade
By (C4), R does not violate P and R does not violate I . Therefore recovery in either agent
A B B A
preserves the other agent’s contract state. The cascade recovery mechanism R handles cross-
cascade
boundary effects by construction.
Since all five components—preconditions, postcondition chaining, invariants, governance, and
recovery—are verified, we conclude Chain(A,B) |= C .
A⊕B
59

A.4 Proof of Probabilistic Compositionality
Definition A.10 ((p,δ)-Satisfaction). An agent A (p,δ)-satisfies a contract C if A satisfies C
with probability at least p, allowing behavioral deviation at most δ from the contract’s nominal
specification.
Theorem A.11 (Probabilistic Contract Composition). Suppose agent A (p ,δ )-satisfies C , agent
A A A
B (p ,δ )-satisfies C , and the handoff between A and B succeeds with probability p introducing
B B B h
deviation δ . Then Chain(A,B) (p , δ )-satisfies C with:
h A⊕B A⊕B A⊕B
p ≥ p · p · p , (45)
A⊕B A B h
δ ≤ δ + δ + δ . (46)
A⊕B A B h
Proof. Define the following events:
E := {A satisfies C },
A A
E := {B satisfies C },
B B
E := {handoff preserves interface compatibility}.
h
The composed chain succeeds if and only if all three events occur: E ∩ E ∩ E .
A h B
Probability bound. We decompose using the chain rule of conditional probability:
P(E ∩ E ∩ E ) = P(E ) · P(E | E ) · P(E | E ∩ E ).
A h B A h A B A h
Under the conditional independence assumption—that B’s behavior given correct input is indepen-
dent of A’s internal execution—we have:
• P(E ) ≥ p (by A’s contract satisfaction),
A A
• P(E | E ) ≥ p (handoff success probability),
h A h
• P(E | E ∩ E ) ≥ p (by B’s contract satisfaction, given correct input from a successful
B A h B
handoff).
Therefore p ≥ p · p · p .
A⊕B A h B
Deviation bound. In the worst case, deviations accumulate additively across the chain. Agent
A introduces deviation at most δ from nominal, the handoff introduces at most δ , and agent B
A h
introduces at most δ . By the sub-additivity via union bound on the per-stage deviations:
B
δ ≤ δ + δ + δ .
A⊕B A h B
Extension to N agents. By induction on chain length, for N agents A ,...,A with handoffs
1 N
h ,...,h :
1 N−1
N N−1
(cid:89) (cid:89)
p ≥ p · p , (47)
chain i hj
i=1 j=1
N N−1
(cid:88) (cid:88)
δ ≤ δ + δ . (48)
chain i hj
i=1 j=1
The inductive step applies Theorem A.11 to Chain(A ,...,A ) and A , treating the existing
1 k k+1
chain as a single agent with composed satisfaction parameters.
60

Remark A.12 (Tightness and Practical Implications). The probability bound (45) is tight when
events are independent, but conservative under positive correlation (e.g., when both agents benefit
from the same favorable environment state). The deviation bound (46) is tight in the adversarial
case but typically loose in practice due to cancellation effects. The N-agent extension (47) reveals
that reliability degrades multiplicatively with chain length, motivating the use of checkpointing and
recovery mechanisms at intermediate handoff points for long chains.
A.5 Sample Complexity for (p,δ,k)-Satisfaction Certification
A critical practical question is: how many test sessions are required to certify that an agent (p,δ,k)-
satisfies its contract? We establish a baseline via Hoeffding’s inequality and then show that sequen-
tial testing dramatically reduces the required sample size.
Proposition A.13 (Hoeffding Baseline). To estimate the compliance probability p within additive
error ε with confidence 1 − α using i.i.d. Bernoulli observations, the required sample size is
1 2
n ≥ ln . (49)
2ε2 α
Proof. Let X ,...,X be i.i.d. Bernoulli(p) random variables indicating per-session compliance, and
1 n
let pˆ = 1 (cid:80)n X . By Hoeffding’s inequality:
n n i=1 i
P(cid:0)
|pˆ − p| ≥ ε
(cid:1)
≤ 2exp
(cid:0) −2nε2(cid:1)
.
n
Setting the right-hand side equal to α and solving for n:
1 2
2exp(−2nε2) = α =⇒ n = ln .
2ε2 α
For ε = 0.01 and α = 0.05: n ≥ 1 ln 2 = 5000 · ln40 ≈ 18,445.
2(0.01)2 0.05
Proposition A.14 (SPRT Improvement). Consider Wald’s Sequential Probability Ratio Test (SPRT)
for testing
H : p ≤ p = 0.90 vs. H : p ≥ p = 0.95
0 0 1 1
with Type I and Type II error rates α = β = 0.05. The expected sample size under H is approxi-
1
mately 150–300 sessions, representing a 60×–120× reduction over the Hoeffding baseline.
Proof sketch. The SPRT maintains the log-likelihood ratio
(cid:88) n P(X i | p 1 ) (cid:88) n (cid:20) p 1 1 − p 1 (cid:21)
Λ = ln = X ln + (1 − X )ln
n P(X | p ) i p i 1 − p
i 0 0 0
i=1 i=1
and terminates when Λ exits the continuation region (cid:0) ln β , ln 1−β(cid:1).
n 1−α α
Under H (true p = p ), the expected increment per observation is the Kullback–Leibler diver-
1 1
gence
p 1 − p
E [Λ ] = KL(p ∥p ) = p ln 1 + (1 − p )ln 1 .
p1 1 1 0 1
p
1
1 − p
0 0
For p = 0.90 and p = 0.95: KL(0.95∥0.90) = 0.95ln 0.95 + 0.05ln 0.05 ≈ 0.01671 nats.
0 1 0.90 0.10
Wald’s approximation for the expected sample size under H gives
1
(1 − β)ln 1−β + β ln β 0.95 · ln19 + 0.05 · ln(1/19)
E [N] ≈ α 1−α ≈ ≈ 159.
p1
KL(p ∥p ) 0.01671
1 0
61

The range 150–300 accounts for boundary overshoot and discrete-sample effects that cause the
actual stopping time to deviate from Wald’s continuous approximation (Figure 7).
The optimality of this approach follows from the Wald–Wolfowitz theorem [Wald and Wolfowitz,
1948]: among all sequential tests with Type I error ≤ α and Type II error ≤ β, the SPRT minimizes
the expected sample size under both H and H . This fundamental result guarantees that no se-
0 1
quential testing procedure can certify agent compliance with fewer expected observations than the
SPRT.
Remark A.15 (Practical Certification Protocol). The SPRT reduction from ∼18,445 to ∼150–300
sessions makes runtime certification practical for deployed agent systems. In practice, the test is
run as a continuous monitoring process: each agent interaction constitutes one Bernoulli trial, and
the SPRT statistic Λ is updated incrementally. When the statistic crosses the upper boundary,
n
the agent is certified; when it crosses the lower boundary, the agent is flagged for remediation.
This sequential approach naturally accommodates non-stationary compliance rates via windowed
or decaying variants of the SPRT.
Author Biography
Varun Pratap Bhardwaj is a Senior Manager and Solution Architect at Accenture with 15 years
of experience in enterprise technology. He holds dual qualifications in technology and law (LL.B.),
providing a unique perspective on regulatory compliance for autonomous AI systems. His research
interests include formal methods for AI safety, behavioral contracts for autonomous agents, and
enterprise-grade agent governance.
References
Bowen Alpern and Fred B. Schneider. Recognizing safety and liveness. Distributed Computing, 2
(3):117–126, 1987.
Mohammed Alshiekh, Roderick Bloem, Ruediger Ehlers, Bettina Könighofer, Scott Niekum, and
Ufuk Topcu. Safe reinforcement learning via shielding. In Proceedings of the AAAI Conference
on Artificial Intelligence (AAAI), pages 2669–2678, 2018.
Dario Amodei, Chris Olah, Jacob Steinhardt, Paul Christiano, John Schulman, and Dan Mané.
Concrete problems in AI safety. arXiv preprint arXiv:1606.06565, 2016.
Yuntao Bai, Saurav Kadavath, Sandipan Kundu, Amanda Askell, Jackson Kernion, Andy Jones,
Anna Chen, Anna Goldie, Azalia Mirhoseini, Cameron McKinnon, Carol Chen, Catherine Olsson,
Christopher Olah, Danny Hernandez, Dawn Drain, Deep Ganguli, Dustin Li, Eli Tran-Johnson,
Ethan Perez, Jamie Kerr, Jared Mueller, Jeffrey Ladish, Joshua Landau, Kamal Ndousse, Kamile
Lukosuite, Liane Lovitt, Michael Sellitto, Nelson Elhage, Nicholas Schiefer, Noemi Mercado, Nova
DasSarma, Robert Lasenby, Robin Larson, Sam Ringer, Scott Johnston, Shauna Kravec, Sheer El
Showk, Stanislav Fort, Tamera Lanham, Timothy Telleen-Lawton, Tom Conerly, Tom Henighan,
Tristan Hume, Samuel R. Bowman, Zac Hatfield-Dodds, Ben Mann, Dario Amodei, Nicholas
Joseph, Sam McCandlish, Tom Brown, and Jared Kaplan. Constitutional AI: Harmlessness from
AI feedback. arXiv preprint arXiv:2212.08073, 2022.
Mike Barnett, K. Rustan M. Leino, and Wolfram Schulte. The Spec# programming system: An
overview. In Proceedings of the International Workshop on Construction and Analysis of Safe,
62

Secure, and Interoperable Smart Devices (CASSIS), volume 3362 of Lecture Notes in Computer
Science, pages 49–69. Springer, 2004. doi: 10.1007/978-3-540-30569-9_3.
Andreas Bauer, Martin Leucker, and Christian Schallhart. Runtime verification for LTL and TLTL.
ACM Transactions on Software Engineering and Methodology (TOSEM), 20(4):1–64, 2011. doi:
10.1145/2000799.2000800.
Albert Benveniste, Benoît Caillaud, Dejan Nickovic, Roberto Passerone, Jean-Baptiste Raclet,
Philipp Reinkemeier, Alberto Sangiovanni-Vincentelli, Werner Damm, Thomas A. Henzinger,
and Kim G. Larsen. Contracts for system design. Foundations and Trends in Electronic Design
Automation, 12(2–3):124–400, 2018. doi: 10.1561/1000000053.
Arnold Cartagena and Ariane Teixeira. Mind the GAP: Text safety does not transfer to tool-call
safety in LLM agents. arXiv preprint arXiv:2602.16943, 2026.
Harrison Chase. LangChain. https://github.com/langchain-ai/langchain, 2023. Open-source
framework for LLM application development.
Peter Cihon, Jonas Schuett, and Seth D. Baum. AI governance: A research agenda. Minds and
Machines, 31(1):137–169, 2021.
Yihe Dong, Zijie Zhang, Yuanpu Cao, Yijia Shao, and Haoran Li. Agent-C: Scaling structured
generation for runtime constraint enforcement in LLM agents. arXiv preprint arXiv:2512.23738,
2025.
Yann Dubois, Chen Xuechen Li, Rohan Taori, Tianyi Zhang, Ishaan Gulrajani, Jimmy Ba, Carlos
Guestrin, Percy Liang, and Tatsunori B. Hashimoto. AlpacaFarm: A simulation framework for
methods that learn from human feedback. In Advances in Neural Information Processing Systems
(NeurIPS), volume 36, 2024.
Dominik M. Endres and Johannes E. Schindelin. A new metric for probability distributions. IEEE
Transactions on Information Theory, 49(7):1858–1860, 2003. doi: 10.1109/TIT.2003.813506.
Gloria Felicia, Michael Eniolade, Jinfeng He, Zitha Sasindran, Hemant Kumar, Milan Hussain
Angati, and Sandeep Bandarupalli. StepShield: When, not whether to intervene on rogue agents.
arXiv preprint arXiv:2601.22136, 2026.
João Gama, Indre Zliobaite, Albert Bifet, Mykola Pechenizkiy, and Abdelhamid Bouchachia. A
survey on concept drift adaptation. ACM Computing Surveys, 46(4):1–37, 2014. doi: 10.1145/
2523813.
Guardrails AI. Guardrails: Adding guardrails to large language models. https://github.com/
guardrails-ai/guardrails, 2024. Open-source LLM output validation library.
Anton Hampus and Mattias Nyberg. A theory of probabilistic contracts. In Proceedings of the
International Symposium on Leveraging Applications of Formal Methods (ISoLA), pages 296–
319. Springer, 2024. doi: 10.1007/978-3-031-75380-0_17.
Hans Hansson and Bengt Jonsson. A logic for reasoning about time and reliability. Formal Aspects
of Computing, 6(5):512–535, 1994. doi: 10.1007/BF01211866.
63

Thomas A. Henzinger, Shaz Qadeer, and Sriram K. Rajamani. You assume, we guarantee: Method-
ology and case studies. In Proceedings of the 10th International Conference on Computer Aided
Verification (CAV), volume 1427 of Lecture Notes in Computer Science, pages 440–451. Springer,
1998. doi: 10.1007/BFb0028765.
C. A. R. Hoare. An axiomatic basis for computer programming. Communications of the ACM, 12
(10):576–580, 1969. doi: 10.1145/363235.363259.
Rafflesia Khan, Declan Joyce, and Mansura Habiba. AGENTSAFE: A unified framework for ethical
assurance and governance in agentic AI. arXiv preprint arXiv:2512.03180, 2025.
J. Richard Landis and Gary G. Koch. The measurement of observer agreement for categorical data.
Biometrics, 33(1):159–174, 1977.
Gary T. Leavens, Albert L. Baker, and Clyde Ruby. Preliminary design of JML: A behavioral
interface specification language for Java. ACM SIGSOFT Software Engineering Notes, 31(3):
1–38, 2006. doi: 10.1145/1127878.1127884.
Claudiu Leoveanu-Condrei. A DbC inspired neurosymbolic layer for trustworthy agent design. arXiv
preprint arXiv:2508.03665, 2025. 4 pages, 1 figure.
Martin Leucker and Christian Schallhart. A brief account of runtime verification. The Journal of
Logic and Algebraic Programming, 78(5):293–303, 2009. doi: 10.1016/j.jlap.2008.08.004.
Jiwei Li, Pierluigi Nuzzo, Alberto Sangiovanni-Vincentelli, Yugeng Xi, and Dewei Li. Stochastic
assume-guarantee contracts for cyber-physical system design under probabilistic requirements.
arXiv preprint arXiv:1705.09316, 2017.
Percy Liang, Rishi Bommasani, Tony Lee, Dimitris Tsipras, Dilara Soylu, Michihiro Yasunaga,
Yian Zhang, Deepak Narayanan, Yuhuai Wu, Ananya Kumar, Benjamin Newman, Binhang
Yuan, Bobby Yan, Ce Zhang, Christian Cosgrove, Christopher D. Manning, Christopher Ré, Di-
ana Acosta-Navas, Drew A. Hudson, Eric Zelikman, Esin Durmus, Faisal Ladhak, Frieda Rong,
Hongyu Ren, Huaxiu Yao, Jue Wang, Keshav Santhanam, Laurel Orr, Lucia Zheng, Mert Yuk-
sekgonul, Mirac Suzgun, Nathan Kim, Neel Guha, Niladri Chatterji, Omar Khattab, Peter Hen-
derson, Qian Huang, Ryan Chi, Sang Michael Xie, Shibani Santurkar, Surya Ganguli, Tatsunori
Hashimoto, Thomas Icard, Tianyi Zhang, Vishrav Chaudhary, William Wang, Xuechen Li, Yifan
Mai, Yuhui Zhang, and Yuta Koreeda. Holistic evaluation of language models. Transactions on
Machine Learning Research (TMLR), 2023.
Xiao Liu, Hao Yu, Hanchen Zhang, Yifan Xu, Xuanyu Lei, Hanyu Lai, Yu Gu, Hangliang Ding,
Kaiwen Men, Kejuan Yang, Shudan Zhang, Xiang Deng, Aohan Zeng, Zhengxiao Du, Chenhui
Zhang, Sheng Shen, Tianjun Zhang, Yu Su, Huan Sun, Minlie Huang, Yuxiao Dong, and Jie
Tang. AgentBench: Evaluating LLMs as agents. In Proceedings of the International Conference
on Learning Representations (ICLR), 2024.
Bertrand Meyer. Applying “design by contract”. Computer, 25(10):40–51, 1992. doi: 10.1109/2.
161279.
Bertrand Meyer. Object-Oriented Software Construction. Prentice Hall, 2nd edition, 1997. ISBN
0136291554.
Sean P. Meyn and Richard L. Tweedie. Markov Chains and Stochastic Stability. Springer-Verlag,
London, 1993. doi: 10.1007/978-1-4471-3267-7.
64

Lesly Miculicich, Mihir Parmar, Hamid Palangi, Krishnamurthy Dj Dvijotham, Mirko Montanari,
Tomas Pfister, and Long T. Le. VeriGuard: Enhancing LLM agent safety via verified code
generation. arXiv preprint arXiv:2510.05156, 2025.
Zahra Moslemi, Keerthi Koneru, Yen-Ting Lee, Sheethal Kumar, and Ramesh Radhakrishnan.
POLARIS: Typed planning and governed execution for agentic AI in back-office automation.
arXiv preprint arXiv:2601.11816, 2026. AAAI 2026 Workshop.
João Moura. CrewAI: Framework for orchestrating role-playing AI agents. https://github.com/
joaomdmoura/crewai, 2024. Multi-agent orchestration framework.
Ferdinand Österreicher and Igor Vajda. A new class of metric divergences on probability spaces and
its applicability in statistics. Annals of the Institute of Statistical Mathematics, 55(3):639–653,
2003. doi: 10.1007/BF02517812.
Long Ouyang, Jeff Wu, Xu Jiang, Diogo Almeida, Carroll L. Wainwright, Pamela Mishkin, Chong
Zhang, Sandhini Agarwal, Katarina Slama, Alex Ray, John Schulman, Jacob Hilton, Fraser Kel-
ton, Luke Miller, Maddie Simens, Amanda Askell, Peter Welinder, Paul Christiano, Jan Leike,
and Ryan Lowe. Training language models to follow instructions with human feedback. arXiv
preprint arXiv:2203.02155, 2022.
Abhishek Rath. Agent drift: Quantifying behavioral degradation in multi-agent LLM systems over
extended interactions. arXiv preprint arXiv:2601.04170, 2026.
Sudip Rath. LLM behavioral stability: A survey of drift detection and measurement. arXiv preprint
arXiv:2404.00000, 2024. Introduces the Agent Stability Index (ASI) for embedding-space drift
detection.
Traian Rebedea, Razvan Dinu, Makesh Sreedhar, Christopher Parisien, and Jonathan Cohen. NeMo
Guardrails: A toolkit for controllable and safe LLM applications with programmable rails. In
Proceedings of the 2023 Conference on Empirical Methods in Natural Language Processing: System
Demonstrations (EMNLP Demo), 2023.
Timo Schick, Jane Dwivedi-Yu, Roberto Dessì, Roberta Raileanu, Maria Lomeli, Luke Zettlemoyer,
Nicola Cancedda, and Thomas Scialom. Toolformer: Language models can teach themselves to
use tools. arXiv preprint arXiv:2302.04761, 2023.
George E. Uhlenbeck and Leonard S. Ornstein. On the theory of the Brownian motion. Physical
Review, 36(5):823–841, 1930. doi: 10.1103/PhysRev.36.823.
Abraham Wald and Jacob Wolfowitz. Optimum character of the sequential probability ratio test.
The Annals of Mathematical Statistics, 19(3):326–339, 1948. doi: 10.1214/aoms/1177730197.
Chenxu Wang, Chaozhuo Li, Songyang Liu, Zejian Chen, Jinyu Hou, Ji Qi, Rui Li, Litian Zhang,
Qiwei Ye, Zheng Liu, Xu Chen, Xi Zhang, and Philip S. Yu. The devil behind moltbook: An-
thropic safety is always vanishing in self-evolving AI societies. arXiv preprint arXiv:2602.09877,
2026a.
Haoyu Wang, Christopher M. Poskitt, Jun Sun, and Jiali Wei. Pro2Guard: Proactive runtime en-
forcement of LLM agent safety via probabilistic model checking. arXiv preprint arXiv:2508.00500,
2025.
65

Haoyu Wang, Christopher M. Poskitt, and Jun Sun. AgentSpec: Customizable runtime enforcement
for safe and reliable LLM agents. In Proceedings of the 48th IEEE/ACM International Conference
on Software Engineering (ICSE), 2026b.
Laura Weidinger, John Mellor, Maribeth Rauh, Conor Griffin, Jonathan Uesato, Po-Sen Huang,
Myra Cheng, Mia Glaese, Borja Balle, Atoosa Kasirzadeh, Zac Kenton, Sasha Brown, Will
Hawkins, Tom Stepleton, Courtney Biles, Abeba Birhane, Julia Haas, Laura Rimell, Lisa Anne
Hendricks, William Isaac, Sean Legassick, Geoffrey Irving, and Iason Gabriel. Ethical and social
risks of harm from language models, 2021.
Qingyun Wu, Gagan Bansal, Jieyu Zhang, Yiran Wu, Beibin Li, Erkang Zhu, Li Jiang, Xiaoyun
Zhang, Shaokun Zhang, Jiale Liu, Ahmed Hassan Awadallah, Ryen W. White, Doug Burger, and
Chi Wang. AutoGen: Enabling next-gen LLM applications via multi-agent conversation. arXiv
preprint arXiv:2308.08155, 2023.
Zibo Xiao, Jun Sun, and Junjie Chen. AIR: Improving agent safety through incident response.
arXiv preprint arXiv:2602.11749, 2026.
Shunyu Yao, Jeffrey Zhao, Dian Yu, Nan Du, Izhak Shafran, Karthik Narasimhan, and Yuan Cao.
ReAct: Synergizing reasoning and acting in language models. In Proceedings of the International
Conference on Learning Representations (ICLR), 2023.
Qing Ye and Jing Tan. Agent contracts: A formal framework for resource-bounded autonomous AI
systems. arXiv preprint arXiv:2601.08815, 2026.
Lianmin Zheng, Wei-Lin Chiang, Ying Sheng, Siyuan Zhuang, Zhanghao Wu, Yonghao Zhuang,
Zi Lin, Zhuohan Li, Dacheng Li, Eric P. Xing, Hao Zhang, Joseph E. Gonzalez, and Ion Stoica.
Judging LLM-as-a-Judge with MT-Bench and Chatbot Arena. In Advances in Neural Information
Processing Systems (NeurIPS), volume 36, 2023.
66

0.35
0.30
0.25
0.20
0.15
0.10
0.05
0.00
Turn
)t(D
GPT-5.2
=0.02, D* =0.500
0.35
Observed D(t)
OU fit (R2=0.675) 0.30
D* =0.500
0.25
0.20
0.15
0.10
0.05
0.00
Turn
)t(D
Claude Opus 4.6
=0.10, D* =0.349
Observed D(t)
OU fit (R2=0.745)
D* =0.349
0.35
0.30
0.25
0.20
0.15
0.10
0.05
0.00
2 4 6 8 10 12
Turn
)t(D
Llama 3.3 70B
=0.01, D* =0.500
0.35
Observed D(t)
OU fit (R2=0.492) 0.30
D* =0.500
0.25
0.20
0.15
0.10
0.05
0.00
2 4 6 8 10 12
Turn
)t(D
Ornstein Uhlenbeck Drift Model Fit (E2 Real Data)
Mistral Large 3
=0.21, D* =0.259
Observed D(t)
OU fit (R2=0.641)
D* =0.259
Figure 3: Ornstein–Uhlenbeck drift model fit to observed E2 trajectories. For each model, the
contracted drift trajectory D(t) is fitted to the OU mean-reversion model D(t) = D∗+(D −D∗)e−γt,
0
yielding model-specific parameters γ (recovery rate) and D∗ (stationary drift level). Fits achieve
R2 = 0.49–0.75, confirming that the OU mean-reversion model captures the qualitative structure of
contracted agent drift, with per-model variability reflecting differences in natural drift rate α and
recovery responsiveness γ.
67

Figure 3: Ablation Study -- Component Contribution to (E4)
Full ABC 0.949 0.927 0.967 0.908 1.00
0.95
Hard Only 0.975 0.952 0.983 0.931
0.90
Soft Only 0.741 0.727 0.768 0.716 0.85
0.80
Drift Only 0.975 0.964 0.983 0.954
0.75
No Recovery 0.741 0.715 0.768 0.693 0.70
G
P
T-5.
C
2
laude
Opus
4.6
Lla
ma
3.3
70 B
Mistral
Large 3
Figure 4: Ablation heatmap showing Θ across 4 models and 5 conditions (E4). Removing recovery
(No Recovery) or hard constraints (Soft Only) produces consistent ∼0.20 degradation across all
models. Hard Only and Drift Only conditions show inflated Θ due to vacuous soft compliance
(see Section 7.6.3).
68

30
25
20
15
10
5
0
0 20 40 60 80 100
Number of Constraints (k)
)sm(
daehrevO
tnemecrofnE
Contract Evaluation Scalability
Measured overhead
Linear fit: 0.218k + 2.8ms (R2=0.99) LLM inference: 1,000 3,000ms
(contract overhead < 1% of total)
Figure 5: Runtime overhead of AgentAssert contract enforcement as a function of constraint
count k. Overhead scales linearly in k (Proposition 4.15), remaining below 15ms for k = 50 and
below 25ms for k = 100—negligible relative to LLM inference latency of 1,000–3,000ms.
69

1.0
0.9
0.8
0.7
0.6
GPT-5.2 Claude Llama Mistral
Opus 3.3 Large
4.6 70B 3
Model
xednI
ytilibaileR
Recovery Mechanism Impact on Agent Reliability (E4)
0.967
0.949
0.927
0.908
0=.07.61899 0.768
0=.07.42108 0.741
0.727
0=.07.12512 0.716
0=.06.92315
Full ABC (with recovery)
No Recovery
Soft Only
Figure 6: Recovery mechanism impact on agent reliability (E4 data). Full ABC (with recovery)
achieves Θ = 0.908–0.967 across models, while removing recovery degrades Θ by 0.199–0.215 (mean
−0.209). The consistent ∼0.20 degradation across models with different baseline capabilities con-
firms that recovery contribution is an architectural property of ABC, not a model-specific artifact.
70

600
500
400
300
200
100
0
0.70 0.75 0.80 0.85 0.90 0.95 1.00
True Compliance Probability p
noisiceD
ot
selpmaS
detcepxE
SPRT vs Fixed-Sample Certification Efficiency
SPRT stopping time
p 0=0.85
Hoeffding fixed-sample (n=1060)
Mistral
L3
Claud
G
e
r
O
ok
p
D - G
u
4 e
s
Pe G Tp L - P 5S l Ta .e2 -m e 4 k oa - - R m 7 1 0inB i
Figure 7: SPRT vs. fixed-sample certification efficiency. The Sequential Probability Ratio Test re-
quires significantly fewer samples than Hoeffding fixed-sample bounds to certify (p,δ,k)-satisfaction.
Diamond markers show the stopping times for each model at their observed E1 compliance rates
(Θ = 0.908–0.956), demonstrating that agents with higher compliance are certified faster.
71
