The fog of war
Views from the Global Unconstrained Fixed Income team
Marketing material for
Monthly Outlook, March 2026
professional clients only.
The war in Iran has entered its third week and various outcomes remain possible. This makes it difficult to have
clarity around the economic and financial market outlook- the world economy will simply look very different if oil is
above $120 versus if it is below $90.1
In this environment the best course of action is to
“The oil supply shock has seen us widen the tail-risks
be humble about what we don’t (and can’t) know
in our probabilities.....”
and focus on those geographies and asset classes
where we have conviction.
The oil supply shock has seen us widen the tail-risks in our probabilities, with both ‘wings’ rising versus last month at
the expense of the mildly dovish ‘just right’ scenario. Predictably, given the inflationary impact of the oil shock, our
‘too hot’2 scenario rose, but we remain lower than the market-implied probability here (shown by the faded bars).
Probabilities assigned to our scenarios in March versus market consensus
Source: Schroders Global Unconstrained Fixed Income team, Market Probability Tracker, Federal Reserve Bank of Atlanta,18 March
2026. For illustrative purposes only
1 For more on the outlook for oil and energy markets, please refer to the views of our commodities colleagues. Here: Iran conflict
and the implications for oil and other commodities
2 A scenario which would see the market pricing in Fed hikes in 2026.
The fog of war 1

Duration matters
Spoken like a true fixed income investor.
But in this instance, we don’t (just) mean bond duration, but the persistence of the current conflict. As above, there
are lots of things we don’t know about how this will resolve, but we observe markets are currently pricing this as a
sharp but ultimately short shock before normalisation. We would simply caution that anything that challenges this
thesis will cause further market volatility ahead.
Front month oil has risen hugely, but 12m ahead oil has barely moved- market is pricing this to be short-lived
Source: Schroders, Macrobond March 2026
How big a shock?
Given the huge volatility and uncertainty, it’s impossible to say how big an impact on growth or inflation this crisis
may have- it will vary significantly depending on whether oil settles at $80, $100, $120…..
But we can estimate ranges for how severe the growth and inflation shock will be given different scenarios for oil, as
shown in the chart below. Oil stabilising around $80 would add around 0.5% to headline CPI all else equal- a
headwind to growth no doubt, but unlikely to cause serious alarm.
If we settle around $100 the situation becomes more difficult- the impact on inflation (and consumer real incomes)
could be closer to 1%, leading to a bigger slowdown in growth. Above $120, the risk of recession would be
meaningfully higher given that would likely be enough to erode consumer real income growth.
An estimate of energy contribution to headline CPI versus oil price scenarios
The fog of war 2

At least the starting point is better….
Central banks will be closely watching the likelihood of second-round impacts, such as rising medium-term inflation
expectations, wages and supply chain disruption. The good news is that the starting point is better than in the 2022
energy price shock after the Russia-Ukraine conflict,
when supply chains were already highly disrupted,
“The good news is that the starting point is better
inflation expectations dis-anchored and wage growth
than in the 2022……”
far above target-consistent levels. The war was simply
the straw that broke the camel’s back.
Across all these domains things are now much closer to equilibrium. That is not to be complacent-this is a major
shock and could easily spiral out of control - but we’d rather go into this situation from a good starting point than a
bad one. We remain vigilant for signs of second-round effects, but our base case would be these would be much
more moderate than last time round.
Inflation expectations better anchored and supply chains less disrupted going into this conflict
Source: Schroders, Macrobond March 2026
From cuts to hikes! Market pricing has gone pillar to post.
Bond markets have repriced significantly since
the onset of the Iranian conflict. This is
especially the case outside of the US and at
shorter-dated tenors, with most central banks
now having some degree of hiking priced over
the next twelve months having previously priced
either cuts or being on hold.
Undoubtedly, this reflects positioning
liquidation due to the rise in volatility as well as
the change in fundamentals- some of the
biggest moves have been in markets where
people were most engaged prior to the war.
Given the volatility and the continued sensitivity
to global energy prices, our stance remains
‘neutral’ on overall duration, instead preferring
to focus on cross-market opportunities.
The fog of war 3

O Canada
We particularly favour Canadian bonds, with nearly two hikes priced in 2026. Given that the economic backdrop
remains inconsistent with this- such as a weakening labour market and slowing core inflation- we believe the chance
of these being delivered by the Bank of Canada is low. It is our top pick in global duration, and we like to pair it
against US Treasuries, where cuts are still priced into the curve.
Rate hikes priced into Canada look unlikely given dovish fundamentals
Source: Schroders, Macrobond March 2026
We also see opportunities in Australian duration. Here the situation is somewhat different- the economy is strong,
and the Reserve Bank of Australia (RBA) is in the midst of a hiking cycle, the combination of which has seen yields
move much higher. But the market is now pricing the RBA policy rate to go higher this year than in the post-covid
peak, despite a materially better inflation
outlook versus then. With spreads near the
“With spreads near the highs over the past ten
highs over the past ten years, we see the
years, we see the valuation case for long Australia
valuation case for long Australia versus US
versus US Treasuries as compelling….”
Treasuries as compelling and believe we are
compensated for the RBA’s hawkishness.
In the UK, we think the chance of the hikes currently priced being realised are extremely small - given the dovish
Bank of England and the disinflationary tailwind we observed heading into this conflict. As such, the risk/reward is
not as asymmetric as in other jurisdictions, such as Australia and Canada, and so we remain neutral for now.
Sitting, waiting, wishing…
We remain patient in asset allocation. Valuations have improved in corporate credit, but remain unattractive overall.
We move both investment grade (IG) and high yield globally to neutral from a negative score previously. Given the
recent cheapening (both outright and versus US IG) however, we do upgrade US agency mortgage-backed securities
back to positive and it is our top pick in asset allocation alongside emerging market local rates.
The fog of war 4

Schroders Global Unconstrained Fixed Income team’s Scorecard: March 2026
Source: Global Unconstrained Fixed Income. For illustrative purposes only. 17 March 2026
The fog of war 5

Important information
Marketing material for professional clients only
The material is not intended as an offer or solicitation for the purchase or sale of any financial
instrument. Schroders has expressed its own views and opinions in this document and these may
change. Information herein is believed to be reliable but Schroders does not warrant its completeness or
accuracy. No responsibility can be accepted for errors of fact or opinion. Reliance should not be placed
on the views and information in the document when taking individual investment and/or strategic
decisions. This document may contain “forward-looking” information, such as forecasts or projections.
Please note that any such information is not a guarantee of any future performance and there is no
assurance that any forecast or projection will be realised.
Any reference to sectors/countries/stocks/securities are for illustrative purposes only and not a
recommendation to buy or sell any financial instrument/securities or adopt any investment strategy. The
material is not intended to provide, and should not be relied on for, accounting, legal or tax advice, or
investment recommendations. Past performance is not a reliable indicator of future results, prices of
shares and the income from them may fall as well as rise and investors may not get back the amount
originally invested.
Schroders will be a data controller in respect of your personal data. For information on how Schroders
might process your personal data, please view our Privacy Policy available at
www.schroders.com/en/privacy-policy or on request should you not have access to this webpage.
This document is issued in March 2026.
United Kingdom:
Issued by Schroder Investment Management Limited, 1 London Wall Place, London EC2Y 5AU.
Registration No. 1893220 England. Authorised and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority.
European Union/European Economic Area:
Issued by Schroder Investment Management (Europe) S.A., 5, rue Höhenhof, L-1736 Senningerberg,
Luxembourg. Registered No. B 37.799.
For your security, communications may be taped or monitored.
The fog of war 6
