Monthly Decision Maker Panel data - March 2026 | Bank of England Our use of cookies We use necessary cookies to make our site work (for example, to manage your session). We&rsquo;d also like to use some non-essential cookies (including third-party cookies) to help us improve the site. By clicking &lsquo;Accept recommended settings&rsquo; on this banner, you accept our use of optional cookies. Necessary cookies Analytics cookies &nbsp; Yes Yes Accept recommended cookies Yes No Proceed with necessary cookies only Necessary cookies Necessary cookies enable core functionality on our website such as security, network management, and accessibility. You may disable these by changing your browser settings, but this may affect how the website functions. Analytics cookies We use analytics cookies so we can keep track of the number of visitors to various parts of the site and understand how our website is used. For more information on how these cookies work please see our Cookie policy . Skip to main content Main menu Close main menu Topics Open Topics sub menu Back to main menu Banknotes Open Banknotes sub menu Back to main menu Counterfeit banknotes Current banknotes Damaged and contaminated banknotes Exchanging old banknotes Note Circulation Scheme Advice for retailers and businesses Scottish and Northern Ireland banknotes Using images of banknotes Wholesale cash supervision Withdrawn banknotes Careers Open Careers sub menu Back to main menu Application tips Career Returner Programme Future talent Our locations Research careers We value diversity and inclusion What we offer you Why you should join us Climate change Digital pound Education Open Education sub menu Back to main menu Competitions Education resources Research support programme Request a speaker for your school Financial stability Open Financial stability sub menu Back to main menu Digital Securities Sandbox (DSS) Financial market infrastructure supervision Operational resilience of the financial sector Resolution Trade Repository (TR) Data Collections Gold Markets Open Markets sub menu Back to main menu Bank of England Market Operations Guide Eligible collateral Fair and Effective Markets Foreign currency reserves Greening our Corporate Bond Purchase Scheme (CBPS) Market intelligence Money Markets Committee and UK Money Markets Code Settlement and collateral management SONIA interest rate benchmark The Sterling Bond Portfolio Transition from LIBOR to risk-free rates Monetary policy Open Monetary policy sub menu Back to main menu Inflation and the 2% target Quantitative easing Interest rates and Bank Rate Payment and settlement Open Payment and settlement sub menu Back to main menu Banking services CHAPS Cross-border payments Payment and settlement statistics RTGS Renewal Programme Prudential regulation Open Prudential regulation sub menu Back to main menu Authorisations New Bank Start-up Unit New Insurer Start-up Unit Policy Prudential and Resolution Policy Index Regulatory reporting Our secondary objectives Supervision The Bank of England’s approach to enforcement Research Open Research sub menu Back to main menu Bank of England Agenda for Research, 2025-2028 Fintech The Future of Finance - our response Research Visitor Programme Research funding and fellowships Researchers Statistics Open Statistics sub menu Back to main menu Banknote statistics Bankstats tables Data collection Exchange rates Gold statistics Gross Domestic Product Real-Time Database Research datasets Statistics requested by users Yield curves About Open About sub menu Back to main menu Get involved Open Get involved sub menu Back to main menu Citizens’ Forum Community Forum Partners Youth Voice Governance and funding Open Governance and funding sub menu Back to main menu Staff codes and policies History Our people Open Our people sub menu Back to main menu Agents Chief Cashiers Court of Directors Executive Directors Financial Policy Committee Financial Market Infrastructure Committee Governors Monetary Policy Committee Prudential Regulation Committee News and publications Open News and publications sub menu Back to main menu Events News and minutes Prudential regulation publications Publications Speeches Statistical releases Upcoming Museum Contact Search Nothing searched for. Please enter a search term. Home Monthly Decision Maker Panel data - March 2026 Monthly Decision Maker Panel data - March 2026 The Decision Maker Panel (DMP) is a survey of Chief Financial Officers from small, medium and large UK businesses. We use it to monitor developments in the economy and to track businesses’ views. Published on 02 April 2026 The March 2026 DMP survey was conducted between 6-20 March 2026 and received 2,004 responses. Firms reported that their realised annual own-price growth was 3.7% in the three months to March, down 0.1 percentage points from the three months to February. Note that the DMP covers own prices from firms across the whole economy, not just consumer-facing firms. Year-ahead own-price inflation was expected to be 3.5% in the three months to March, 0.1 percentage points higher than in the three months to February. The single month data increased from 3.4% to 3.7% between February and March, pointing to firms adjusting their expectations as a result of the recent increases in energy prices. Expectations for year-ahead CPI inflation remained unchanged in the three-month averages. However, in the single month data they increased by 0.5 percentage points to 3.5% in March 2026, pointing to firms adjusting their expectations as a result of the recent increases in energy prices. The corresponding measure for three-year-ahead CPI inflation expectations was 2.7% in the three months to March 2026, which is 0.1pp lower than the three months to February 2026. Three-year-ahead CPI inflation expectations rose by 0.1pp in the single month data. In March 2026, overall uncertainty rose, with 57% of firms reporting that the overall level of uncertainty facing their business was high or very high, up by 10 percentage points from February. Uncertainty around year-ahead prices also increased in the March 2026 single month data. Firms reporting that realised annual employment growth was -0.3% in the three months to March, down from -0.2% in the three months to February. Expectations for employment growth over the next year were unchanged at 0.1% in the three months to March. Monthly aggregate-level data for a limited number of DMP series up to March 2026 (XLSX 0.2MB) Quarterly aggregate-level data for all survey questions up to January 2026 (XLSX 1MB) The DMP was set up in August 2016 and is run by the Bank of England in collaboration with King&rsquo;s College London and the University of Nottingham. It was designed to be representative of the population of UK businesses. All results are weighted. See&nbsp; Bunn et al (2024) &nbsp;for more details. The DMP receives funding from the Economic and Social Research Council. Convert this page to PDF Other Monthly Decision Maker Panel data Publication // DMP 05 March 2026 Monthly Decision Maker Panel data - February... Monthly Decision Maker Panel data - February 2026 Publication // DMP 05 February 2026 Monthly Decision Maker Panel data - January... Monthly Decision Maker Panel data - January 2026 Publication // DMP 08 January 2026 Monthly Decision Maker Panel data - December... Monthly Decision Maker Panel data - December 2025 Publication // Agents&#39; Summary of Business Conditions 18 December 2025 Latest results from the Decision Maker Panel... Latest results from the Decision Maker Panel survey - 2025 Q4 View more Other Monthly Decision Maker Panel data Back to top Follow us Follow us Connect with us on LinkedIn Follow us on Twitter Add us on Facebook Follow us on Instagram Follow us on Threads Follow us on TikTok Watch us on Youtube Find us on Flickr Museum Like the Bank of England museum on Facebook Follow the Bank of England museum on Instagram Follow the Bank of England museum on Threads Follow the Bank of England museum on TikTok Useful links Useful links About us Archive Careers Contact us Explainers FAQs Freedom of Information Glossary Museum Subscribe to emails Bank of England Threadneedle Street, London, EC2R 8AH Switchboard: +44(0)20 3461 4444 Enquiries: +44(0)20 3461 4878 Bank of England Museum Bartholomew Lane, London, EC2R 8AH Accessibility statement Cookies Cymraeg Legal Privacy Sitemap &#169;2026 Bank of England&#160;
