Thematic Research
Thematic industry research based on proprietary analytics from CFRA
Kenneth Leon
cservices@cfraresearch.com
Private Credit: Tech Concentration Risk, How Much?
Key Takeaways
- Private credit firms have had concentration risk in
Positive (+) or Negative (-) Implications
investments in software firms over the past five years that
(+) Brookfield Asset Management Ltd. (BAM)
may lead to negative outcomes.
- AI disruption has put into question the software model of (-) Apollo Global Management Inc. (APO)
recurring-fee revenue and high margins as small- to mid-
(-) Ares Management Corporation (ARES)
sized firms face debt refinancing on higher rates at
maturities. (-) Blackstone Inc. (BX)
- In private credit funds that are small or highly
(-) Blue Owl Capital Inc. (OWL)
concentrated in technology, especially software, there
(-) KKR & Co. Inc. (KKR)
could be limited partner (LP) redemptions that force asset
sales into illiquid markets.
- In 2026 and beyond, we believe alternative investment (ALT) firms need to prove they can absorb
any default shock and communicate valuation integrity, risk management discipline, and structural
resilience.
- The leading firms with private credit concentration are APO, ARES, and OWL, while more diversified
firms like BAM, BX, and KKR have significant private credit exposure. We see a buying opportunity
on these stocks despite negative sentiment in the public equity market toward private credit funds.
Fundamental Context
We think AI disruption to software is the most pressing private credit risk in 2026. Software direct loans
by ALT firms are estimated to be about $224 billion, or 22% of total private credit debt exposure, according
to Kroll Bond Rating Agency (KBRA) portfolio assessment. Software has been a safe area in the past
decade, and it represents the second-largest sector in private credit after commercial services. Compared
to public markets like high-yield bonds, private credit has 2.7x the concentration in software credits.
Why is there software concentration in private credit? We believe private credit followed private equity’s
systemic preference for software-leveraged buyouts from 2019 to 2024. The ALT industry liked the credit
profile of software with predictable, recurring revenue (monthly or annual), over 80% gross margins, moats
around high switching costs, multiyear contract lockups, and asset-light, infinitely scalable operations. AI
disruption has altered the sector view that software is a safe, high-margin market for private credit.
What changed with the market break in January-February 2026? There was breaking news in January
that Anthropic PBC’s (private) Claude could build bespoke enterprise software with its unveiled AI coding
agents. OpenAI’s (private) tools demonstrated the ability to perform “complex professional tasks” that
software companies charge $50,000 to $500,000 per annum. Both AI tools are deployed and working
today, so they are not vaporware (a software product announced publicly, but never actually released).
Thematic Research March 12, 2026 1

Reality changed rather quickly, in our opinion. Private credit lenders were seeing risks to even traditional
Software as a Service (SaaS), a software delivery model in which you access applications over the Internet
through a subscription, while the software provider handles all the infrastructure, maintenance, updates, and
security issues. For example, one programmer could build a custom system using AI tools that may have
previously been achieved by an enterprise SaaS platform. So, enterprise customers can now build versus
buy, eliminating the “switching cost moat” for some software firms and destroying revenue predictability –
and this shift has happened quickly.
Table 1: Private Credit Managers (ALT Firms) See Share Price Volatility and Declines
Private Credit AUM
ALT Manager Ticker Share Price YTD*
($ Billions)
Apollo Global Management Inc. APO -26.9% 749
Ares Management Corporation ARES -36.0% 407
Blackstone Inc. BX -30.4% 443
Blue Owl Capital Inc. OWL -39.6% 158
Brookfield Asset Management Ltd. BAM -15.2% 363
KKR & Co. Inc. KKR -31.7% 276
iShares Software ETF IGV -20.0% NA
Nasdaq QQQ QQQ -1.1% NA
S&P 500 SPY -0.8% NA
Source: CFRA. *Share prices as of March 11, 2026.
Where are we today on price divergence between ALT firms and the broader equity market? ALT firm
stocks have fallen dramatically in 2026 after seeing some weakness in late 2025. The public equity market
shows that private credit has higher risk exposure:
- Higher software concentration (22% versus 8% in the high-yield market)
- More small- to mid-sized corporate borrowers (private equity backed with 6x-7x debt/EBITDA
versus 4x-5x in high yield)
- Less fund diversification (portfolios of 100-150 companies versus significantly more in bond funds)
- Weaker covenant protection or payment-in-kind (PIK) toggle risk to the borrower (adding to
principal loan versus making cash payments)
We think the public equity market is worried about how AI breaks most assumptions about certain
software companies that now face higher risks. One doomsday scenario that we do not support is that a
10-year default cycle may be compressed into 18-24 months, driven not by recession but by technological
displacement.
Thematic Research March 12, 2026 2

Table 2: AI May Break the Software Business Model
Software Former Strength AI-Induced Risk Exposure Private Credit Potential Impact
Recurring Revenue Churn risk to customer alternatives Revenue cliff, not gradual decline
Compete with lower $20/month Margin compression of 30%-50% would
High Margins
subscription AI tools be worst case scenario
AI makes migration easier Strategic and business moat eliminated
Switching Costs
(e.g., code analysis, data migration) with new AI competitors
Customers demand early termination Revenue confidence level and recurring
Contract Lockup
rights revenue model destroyed
Worst case on limited default private
No asset collateral when private credit
Asset-Light Operations credit loans may be $0.00-$0.10 on the
loans fail
dollar
Source: CFRA.
We think sorting through software private credit loan exposure is challenging. Generally, the large ALT
firms that we cover have enough diversification, sizable assets under management (AUM), and dry powder
(available funds) to be opportunistic should we experience only a private credit correction and not a credit
panic. We have seen some sophisticated LPs ask for redemptions that are likely family offices or individual
investors rather than institutions. In private credit funds that are small or highly concentrated in technology,
especially software, there could be LP redemptions that force asset sales into illiquid markets – realized
losses and net asset values fall.
We believe BX was smart to lift the repurchase caps and gating mechanics on redemptions to arrest
investor fears of systemic stress in the private credit markets. In March 2026, BX announced to its LPs
that it had lifted the redemption gate from 5% to 7% on its flagship Blackstone Private Credit Fund (BCRED),
which has faced 7.9% redemptions so far in March. The value of these redemptions is approximately $3.7
billion to $3.8 billion. BX honored all redemptions and used its own company capital to cover the 0.9% above
the quarterly tender offer. BCRED is worth following, with $82 billion in total assets including leverage.
Concerns about software-focused loan portfolios persist.
Thematic Research March 12, 2026 3

Figure 1: Scenarios That May Play out in Software-Related Private Credit Funds
Base Case Scenario
Some painful measures taken but survivable going forward
- Multiple private credit funds gating or stopping limit redemption size in the next two to three quarters
- Painful but survivable outcome for most ALT firms
- Defaults rising to the high single digits in software loans, compared to 4%-5% overall
- Mark to market coming down 10% to 15% on many private credit funds but will vary in scope
- New fundraising being more difficult until we see existing private credit funds stabilize
- Write-downs or losses from 2021-2023 direct loans made at significantly lower interest rates
Worst Case Scenario
Tail risk to something more damaging or systemic to the ALT industry
- Cascading or triggering redemption gates one after another on private credit funds
- Asset fire sales of illiquid assets, although most private credit funds do not have high or unlimited
redemption rights in a short period of time
- Defaults exceeding 10% of any private credit loan portfolios, mostly from software defaults
- Bank credit line pullback creating a funding crisis at the ALT firm or private credit fund level
- Insurance company capital impairment hurting sponsors
- Systemic repricing of the $2 trillion private credit market across different products or fund types
- ALT firm public stocks sustaining downside to 50% or higher correction
Best Case Scenario (Our Investment View)
Containment of risk, manageable by larger ALT firms
- AI disruption hitting hardest on commodity software firms that lack moats around their businesses
- Defaults rising to a reasonable level of below 5% over the next 12-18 months, perhaps $25-$40 billion
- ALT industry is taking corrective medicine now and emerging stronger
- Secondary sponsor market rising from $233 billion in 2025, buying direct loans at a lower asset value
- Flight to quality benefiting the largest and best global ALT firms as smaller firms fail
- Distressed restructuring opportunities creating new revenue streams
- Overreaction by public equity market leading to enhanced buying opportunities in ALT equities
Source: CFRA.
Not all software businesses are the same. We observe that enterprise resource planning and data
infrastructure have low to medium risk levels to AI disruption, while security and data management have
medium risk level exposure. The less defensible or vulnerable categories are horizontal SaaS (e.g., customer
relationship management software, marketing automation), workflow tools, and analytics platforms, where AI
can replace dashboards and point solutions like central centers for financial and treasury, human resources
platforms, or competitive intelligence.
How is CFRA monitoring AI disruption on ALT firms and their private credit funds? We are monitoring
redemptions in specific private funds and further instances where the ALT firm has to come in and gate the
redemption level, usually in the range of 5% to 7%. Like BX this past week, we may see more ALT firms step
in to invest capital in their private credit funds. Sales of underlying loans in the private credit fund to meet
redemption calls would be bearish if it becomes endemic to the whole industry. Direct loans to application
software companies may be perceived as most at risk to AI disruption. We believe more communications
from the investor relation teams at ALT firms may be needed to satisfy public equity investors that want
more granular details on individual private credit funds. On senior-secured loans, we are not sure this
matters for software companies that are asset light; first-lien rights on these companies may have less value
Thematic Research March 12, 2026 4

in a distressed situation. Finally, AI disruption is an unprecedented exogenous shock to the private credit
market and most likely to banks on their outstanding loans to software companies.
Risk Factors
Private credit faces many risks that range from their fund portfolios to investor redemptions. The broader
risks are a major downturn in the investment cycle, lower fundraising, poor fund performance results, and
difficulty valuing fund assets.
We think it is hard to always get it right, given that private credit operates in a complex regulatory and tax
environment that could restrict their businesses. Recession could hurt the operating fundamentals of the
corporate borrowers, thereby hurting operating cash flow that supports credit payments.
A bear market could decrease the market value of debt instruments or investments held in private credit
funds or significantly reduce market liquidity. On redemptions, investors may downsize their investment
allocation to private credit funds or external events may compel institutions to rebalance their overall
investment portfolio. ALT firms also may have conflicts of interest in co-investing with LP investors.
Company Implications
What Are ALT Firms Saying About AI Disruption and Software Loan Exposure?
Ares Management Corporation’s (ARES 97 ****) CEO Michael Arougheti said in February that software
exposure was 6% of total AUM and less than 9% of private credit AUM, as of December 31, 2025. The firm
mainly lends to profitable software firms with strong cash flow. There are close to zero problem or default
loans in their funds’ portfolios. We think there may be some investors questioning adjacent loan exposures in
payment services, health care services, and professional services. Our target price is $160, using a forward
P/E of 25.0x compared to the five-year historical average at 27.0x.
Apollo Global Management Inc. (APO 100 ****) has the largest private credit franchise based on AUM. APO’s
President Jim Zelter stated that the software loan exposure was approximately 4% of total private credit
AUM of $749 billion, or $30 billion. APO has an insurance business called Athene with 0.5% of its balance
sheet in AI hyperscaler loans. The vast majority of APO private credit is private investment-grade credit,
prioritized as senior, first-lien structures, not the leveraged SaaS loans at potential distressed levels. Our
target price is $165, which reflects a forward P/E of 17.4x, compared to the three-year historical average of
16.x with lower historical growth rates.
Blackstone Inc. (BX 102 *****) has one of the highest concentrations of software company loans, at 25% of
its BCRED portfolio at a business development company (BDC). In defense of the firm’s exposure, President
and COO Jonathan Gray defended their position by saying it was only 37% on loan-to-value. This means a
large amount of equity should provide a cushion for its portfolios in case anything goes wrong. We should
note that 37% value is based on pre-AI disruption valuations. Nonetheless, BX’s software portfolio in BCRED
is 96% senior secured loans, conservative 5% versus 15%-20% industry average recurring revenue (ARR),
and a non-accrual rate much better at 0.4% versus 1.5%-2.5% for the industry. Our target price is $185,
which is a narrower equity risk premium and a forward P/E of 27.6x our 2026 distributable earnings (DE)
estimate vs. the five-year historical average at 25.0x.
Thematic Research March 12, 2026 5

Brookfield Asset Management Ltd. (BAM 43 ****) is one of the world’s largest ALT firms and has no sponsor-
backed middle-market lending where software concentration is highest, no technology-focused private
equity funds, and no SaaS investments. BAM is mostly focused on long-life, high-quality real assets with cash
flows under enterprise customer contracts. The firm has several businesses in credit strategies: 1) Oaktree,
which BAM acquired 100% of in 2025 and invests in distressed debt, high-yield bonds, convertible bonds,
European credit, and strategic credit; 2) Brookfield Credit, which invests or lends in infrastructure debt, real
estate debt, asset-backed finance, and opportunistic credit; 3) Brookfield Lending Partners, which directly
lends to Brookfield’s private equity companies that are mostly industrials/infrastructure, not software-
related. Our target price is $60, applying forward P/E of 33.3x compared to the three-year historical average
at 30.2x. Our premium valuation is supported by our view on growth of the business and the durability of
earnings.
KKR & Co. Inc.’s (KKR 84 ****) Co-CEO Scott Nuttall said software was about 7% of total AUM, at $276
billion, and most loans are “far from the SaaS exposure concern.” For leveraged credit with $145 billion in
AUM, software exposure across high-yield bonds, leveraged loans (syndicated market), and structured
credit could represent 15%-20% exposure, or $22-$29 billion. Direct lending in private credit, estimated at
$50-$60 billion, may have 15%-20% exposure. There is no software exposure within its asset-based finance
funds at $85 billion or its real estate credit at $40-$43 billion. Investors may be asking questions more
broadly about how KKR’s AI disruption affects the company’s private equity portfolio companies’ software
spend, fintech services, health care IT services, and business services that rely on software. Our target price
is $130, using a narrower equity risk premium to capture worries about future fund performance and a
forward P/E of 19.0x, in line with the five-year historical average. Public market volatility has shifted investor
sentiment to negative on KKR shares and ALT peers, despite outsize 2025 performance.
Blue Owl Capital Inc. (OWL 9 ****) employs a risk-adjusted approach to investing in the debt and equity of
U.S.-based software- and technology-related companies. OWL’s total software exposure was approximately
$32 billion of total AUM of $307 billion and $157 billion in private credit AUM. Management's investment
approach seeks to insulate the portfolio by predominantly investing in floating rate, first-lien senior-secured
loans structured with low loan-to-values, coupled with the defensive nature of software. However, “AI
disruption may have changed this approach.” Software represents 70% of its private credit portfolio in select
BDCs and targets “sticky, mission-critical applications” where AI is additive rather than a replacement. The
portfolio breakdown is application software like horizontal SaaS and vertical software (50% of the total),
systems/infrastructure software like databases, security, and cloud infrastructure (20%); fintech/payments
like payment processors and financial software (5%); other technology (5%); and non-software like health
care, industrials, and services (20%). In certain BDC funds, OWL had to sell part of its portfolio to meet LP
redemptions. There is talk about whether the real clearing price on loan sales is $0.85-$0.95 on the dollar.
OWL has exercised gating to limit redemptions in any one quarter. Our target price is $20, using a forward
P/E of 20.0x, compared to the five-year historical average of 22.2x. OWL stated on the February earnings
call that its funds are seeing underlying portfolio firm growth and no material downward movement in key
credit metrics like watch list, loan-to-value ratios, amendments requests or revolver draws for credit
borrowers.
Thematic Research March 12, 2026 6

Relative Performance
40.00%
20.00%
0.00%
-20.00%
-40.00%
-60.00%
Ares Management Corporation (NYSE:ARES) - Share Pricing
Apollo Global Management, Inc. (NYSE:APO) - Share Pricing
Blackstone Inc. (NYSE:BX) - Share Pricing
Blue Owl Capital Inc. (NYSE:OWL) - Share Pricing
Brookfield Asset Management Ltd. (TSX:BAM) - Share Pricing
KKR & Co. Inc. (NYSE:KKR) - Share Pricing
Source: S&P Global Market Intelligence. Data from March 12, 2025 to March 11, 2026.
Implications*
Positive implications: CFRA sees an improvement in company fundamentals, which could include (but are not limited to)
improved pricing, strengthening backlog, market share gains, cost improvements, a more favorable regulatory
environment, or improving demographic trends, over the next 12 months.
Negative implications: CFRA sees a weakening in the company’s fundamentals, which could include (but are not limited
to) weaker pricing, reduced backlog visibility, market share losses, cost inflation, unfavorable regulatory climate, or
demographic headwinds, over the next 12 months.
* The categorization of positive or negative implication may not include every qualitative or quantitative factor that is
used to undertake a full analysis of a company’s financial picture as other factors may need to be analyzed, and is not
intended to be investment advice and should not be interpreted as such. These categorizations represent the current
good-faith views of the authors at the time of publication and these views are subject to change without notice of any
kind.
Contact CFRA
977 Seminole Trail, PMB 230
Charlottesville, VA 22901-2824
USA
P: +1-800-220-0502
cservices@cfraresearch.com
www.cfraresearch.com
Thematic Research March 12, 2026 7

Disclosures
Stocks are ranked in accordance with the following ranking methodologies:
STARS Stock Reports
Qualitative STARS recommendations are determined and assigned by equity analysts. For reports containing STARS recommendations
refer to the Glossary section of the report for detailed methodology and the definition of STARS rankings.
Quantitative Stock Reports
Quantitative recommendations are determined by ranking a universe of common stocks based on 5 measures or model categories:
Valuation, Quality, Growth, Street Sentiment, and Price Momentum. In the U.S., a sixth sub-category for Financial Health will also be
displayed. Percentile scores are used to compare each company to all other companies in the same universe for each model category.
The five (six) model category scores are then weighted and rolled up into a single percentile ranking for that company. For reports
containing quantitative recommendations refer to the Glossary section of the report for detailed methodology and the definition of
Quantitative rankings.
STARS Stock Reports and Quantitative Stock Reports
The methodologies used in STARS Stock Reports and Quantitative Stock Reports (collectively, the "Research Reports") reflect
different criteria, assumptions and analytical methods and may have differing recommendations. The methodologies and data used to
generate the different types of Research Reports are believed by the author and distributor reasonable and appropriate. Generally,
CFRA does not generate reports with different ranking methodologies for the same issuer. However, in the event that different
methodologies or data are used on the analysis of an issuer, the methodologies may lead to different views or recommendations on the
issuer, which may at times result in contradicting assessments of an issuer. CFRA reserves the right to alter, replace or vary models,
methodologies, or assumptions from time to time and without notice to clients.
Analyst Certification
STARS Stock Reports are prepared by the equity research analysts of CFRA and its affiliates and subsidiaries. All of the views
expressed in STARS Stock Reports accurately reflect the research analyst's personal views regarding any and all of the subject
securities or issuers. Analysts generally update stock reports at least four times each year. No part of analyst, CFRA, or its affiliates or
subsidiaries compensation was, is, or will be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views expressed in a
STARS Stock Report.
About CFRA Equity Research's Distributors
This Research Report is published and originally distributed by Accounting Research & Analytics, LLC d/b/a CFRA (“CFRA US”), with
the following exceptions: In the UK/EU/EEA, it is published and originally distributed by CFRA UK Limited (“CFRA UK”), which is
regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority (No. 775151), and in Malaysia by CFRA MY Sdn Bhd (Company No. 683377-A). These
parties and their subsidiaries maintain no responsibility for reports redistributed by third parties such as brokers or financial advisors.
General Disclosure
Notice to all jurisdictions:
Where Research Reports are made available in a language other than English and in the case of inconsistencies between the English
and translated versions of a Research Report, the English version will control and supersede any ambiguities associated with any part
or section of a Research Report that has been issued in a foreign language. Neither CFRA nor its affiliates guarantee the accuracy of
the translation. The content of this report and the opinions expressed herein are those of CFRA based upon publicly-available
information that CFRA believes to be reliable and the opinions are subject to change without notice. This analysis has not been
submitted to, nor received approval from, the United States Securities and Exchange Commission or any other regulatory body. While
CFRA exercised due care in compiling this analysis, CFRA AND ALL RELATED ENTITIES SPECIFICALLY DISCLAIM ALL
WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, to the full extent permitted by law, regarding the accuracy, completeness, or usefulness of this
information and assumes no liability with respect to the consequences of relying on this information for investment or other purposes.
No content (including ratings, credit-related analyses and data, valuations, model, software or other application or output therefrom) or
any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered, reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a
database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission of CFRA. The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. CFRA and any third-party providers, as well as their directors, officers, shareholders, employees, or agents do
not guarantee the accuracy, completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content.
Past performance is not necessarily indicative of future results.
This document may contain forward-looking statements or forecasts; such forecasts are not a reliable indicator of future performance.
This report is not intended to, and does not, constitute an offer or solicitation to buy and sell securities or engage in any investment
activity. This report is for informational purposes only. Recommendations in this report are not made with respect to any particular
investor or type of investor. Securities, financial instruments, or strategies mentioned herein may not be suitable for all investors and this
Thematic Research March 12, 2026 8

material is not intended for any specific investor and does not take into account an investor's particular investment objectives, financial
situations or needs. Before acting on any recommendation in this material, you should consider whether it is suitable for your particular
circumstances and, if necessary, seek professional advice.
CFRA may license certain intellectual property or provide services to, or otherwise have a business relationship with, certain issuers of
securities that are the subject of CFRA research reports, including exchange-traded investments whose investment objective is to
substantially replicate the returns of a proprietary index of CFRA. In cases where CFRA is paid fees that are tied to the amount of
assets invested in a fund or the volume of trading activity in a fund, investment in the fund may result in CFRA receiving compensation in
addition to the subscription fees or other compensation for services rendered by CFRA, however, no part of CFRA’s compensation for
services is tied to any recommendation or rating. Additional information on a subject company may be available upon request.
CFRA's financial data provider is S&P Global Market Intelligence. THIS DOCUMENT CONTAINS COPYRIGHTED AND TRADE SECRET
MATERIAL DISTRIBUTED UNDER LICENSE FROM S&P GLOBAL MARKET INTELLIGENCE. FOR RECIPIENT'S INTERNAL USE ONLY.
The Global Industry Classification Standard (GICS®) was developed by and/or is the exclusive property of MSCI, Inc. and S&P Global
Market Intelligence. GICS is a service mark of MSCI and S&P Global Market Intelligence and has been licensed for use by CFRA.
Other Disclaimers and Notice
Certain information in this report is provided by S&P Global, Inc. and/or its affiliates and subsidiaries (collectively “S&P Global”). Such
information is subject to the following disclaimers and notices: “Copyright © 2026, S&P Global Market Intelligence (and its affiliates as
applicable). All rights reserved. Nothing contained herein is investment advice and a reference to a particular investment or security, a
credit rating or any observation concerning a security or investment provided by S&P Global is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold
such investment or security or make any other investment decisions. This may contain information obtained from third parties, including
ratings from credit ratings agencies. Reproduction and distribution of S&P Global’s information and third party content in any form is
prohibited except with the prior written permission of S&P Global or the related third party, as applicable. Neither S&P Global nor its
third party providers guarantee the accuracy, completeness, timeliness or availability of any information, including ratings, and are not
responsible for any errors or omissions (negligent or otherwise), regardless of the cause, or for the results obtained from the use of
such information or content. S&P GLOBAL AND ITS THIRD PARTY CONTENT PROVIDERS GIVE NO EXPRESS OR IMPLIED
WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR
PURPOSE OR USE AND ALL S&P INFORMATION IS PROVIDED ON AN AS-IS BASIS. S&P GLOBAL AND ITS THIRD PARTY
CONTENT PROVIDERS SHALL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, EXEMPLARY, COMPENSATORY,
PUNITIVE, SPECIAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, COSTS, EXPENSES, LEGAL FEES, OR LOSSES (INCLUDING LOST INCOME
OR PROFITS AND OPPORTUNITY COSTS OR LOSSES CAUSED BY NEGLIGENCE) IN CONNECTION WITH ANY USE OF THEIR
INFORMATION OR CONTENT, INCLUDING RATINGS. Credit ratings are statements of opinions and are not statements of fact or
recommendations to purchase, hold or sell securities. They do not address the suitability of securities or the suitability of securities for
investment purposes, and should not be relied on as investment advice.”
Certain information in this report may be provided by Securities Evaluations, Inc. (“SE”), a wholly owned subsidiary of Intercontinental
Exchange. SE is a registered investment adviser with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). SE’s advisory
services include evaluated pricing and model valuation of fixed income securities, derivative valuations and Odd-Lot Pricing that
consists of bid- and ask-side evaluated prices for U.S. Municipal and U.S. Corporate Securities (together called valuation services). Such
information is subject to the following disclaimers and notices: “No content (including credit-related analyses and data, valuations,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission of
SE. The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or unauthorized purposes. SE and any third-party providers, as well as their
directors, officers, shareholders, employees or agents (collectively SE Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy, completeness, timeliness
or availability of the Content. SE Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions (negligent or otherwise), regardless of the
cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content, or for the security or maintenance of any data input by the user. The
Content is provided on an “as is” basis. SE PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT
NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM
FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS, THAT THE CONTENT’S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT
THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall SE Parties be liable to
any party for any direct, indirect, incidental, exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses,
legal fees, or losses (including, without limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in
connection with any use of the Content even if advised of the possibility of such damages. Credit-related and other analyses and
statements in the Content are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations
to purchase, hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions. SE assumes no obligation to update the Content following
publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the skill, judgment and experience of
the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other business decisions. SE’s opinions and
analyses do not address the suitability of any security. SE does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor. While SE has obtained
information from sources it believes to be reliable, SE does not perform an audit and undertakes no duty of due diligence or
independent verification of any information it receives. Valuations services are opinions and not statements of fact or recommendations
to purchase, hold or sell any security or instrument, or to make any investment decisions. The information provided as part of valuations
Thematic Research March 12, 2026 9

services should not be intended as an offer, promotion or solicitation for the purchase or sale of any security or other financial
instrument nor should it be considered investment advice. Valuations services do not address the suitability of any security or
instrument, and securities, financial instruments or strategies mentioned by SE may not be suitable for all investors. SE does not provide
legal, accounting or tax advice, and clients and potential clients of valuation services should consult with an attorney and/or a tax or
accounting professional regarding any specific legal, tax or accounting provision(s) applicable to their particular situations and in the
countries and jurisdictions where they do business. SE has redistribution relationships that reflect evaluated pricing, derivative valuation
and/or equity pricing services of other unaffiliated firms with which SE has contracted to distribute to its client base.
Pricing and data provided by these third-party firms are the responsibilities of those firms, and not SE, and are produced under those
firms' methodologies, policies and procedures. Valuations services provided by SE and products containing valuations services may not
be available in all countries or jurisdictions. Copyright © 2026 by Intercontinental Exchange Inc. All rights reserved.”
For residents of the European Union/European Economic Area
Research reports are originally distributed by CFRA UK Limited (company number 08456139 registered in England & Wales with its
registered office address at New Derwent House, 69-73 Theobalds Road, London, WC1X 8TA). CFRA UK Limited is regulated by the UK
Financial Conduct Authority (No. 775151).
For residents of Malaysia
Research reports are originally produced and distributed by CFRA MY Sdn Bhd (Company No. 683377-A).
For Residents of Singapore:
This Research Report is distributed by CFRA UK Limited to its clients in Singapore who hold a financial advisers licence or is a person
exempt from holding such licence (“SG Intermediary”). Recipients of this Research Report in Singapore should contact the SG
Intermediary in respect to any matters arising from, or in connection with, the analysis in this report. Where the recipient is not an
accredited, expert or institutional investor as defined by the Securities and Futures Act, the SG Intermediary accepts legal responsibility
for the contents of this Research Report in accordance with applicable law. When reports are distributed by SG Intermediaries in
Singapore, the SG Intermediary, and not CFRA, is solely responsible for ensuring that the recipients of the Research Reports
understand the information contained in the Research Reports and that such information is suitable based on the customer's profile and
investment objectives. This Research Report is intended for general circulation and no advice or recommendation is made herein or by
CFRA to any particular person. CFRA does not assume any responsibility to advise on whether any particular product is suitable for any
person, and the analysis herein does not take into account the specific investment objectives, financial situation or particular needs of
any particular person, and should not be relied upon for any investment decision.
For residents of all other countries
Research reports are originally distributed Accounting Research & Analytics, LLC d/b/a CFRA.
Copyright © 2026 CFRA. All rights reserved. CFRA and STARS are registered trademarks of CFRA.
Thematic Research March 12, 2026 10
