Thematic Research
Thematic industry research based on proprietary analytics from CFRA
Angelo Zino, CFA
cservices@cfraresearch.com
Technology Sector Implications: The Middle East
Conflict
Key Takeaways
- Oil price hikes/inflationary pressures are the biggest risk to
Positive (+) or Negative (-) Implications
technology spending implications as the conflict in Iran
intensifies and is prolonged. (+) Advanced Micro Devices Inc. (AMD)
- IT spending is expected to come down (IDC reduces to 9%
(+) Broadcom Inc. (AVGO)
from 10%) but remains very manageable. The bigger risk is
a sustained super spike in oil prices for weeks or months, (+) CrowdStrike Holdings Inc. (CRWD)
which would further compress technology multiples. (+) Micron Technology Inc. (MU)
- Key pressures from oil price spikes for technology include
(+) Microsoft Corp. (MSFT)
greater operating costs for data centers, chip fabricators,
and logistics; stubbornly higher interest rates that tighten (+) NVIDIA Corp. (NVDA)
capital; and weaker consumer and business sentiment. (+) Palantir Technologies Inc. (PLTR)
- Potential winners/more resilient areas of the technology
(+) Palo Alto Networks Inc. (PANW)
ecosystem include cybersecurity, data center AI spending,
and select SaaS plays. (+) Salesforce Inc. (CRM)
- The potential biggest losers are consumer/device-oriented
(+) ServiceNow Inc. (NOW)
companies, select supply chain companies, and
(+) Zscaler Inc. (ZS)
discretionary leveraged technology themes.
(-) Apple Inc. (AAPL)
Fundamental Context
(-) Dell Technologies Inc. (DELL)
Oil price hikes, if sustained, will have broad ripple effects
(-) HP Inc. (HPQ)
that can weigh on technology spending. Oil prices have risen
(-) Microchip Technology Inc. (MCHP)
more than 50% in less than two weeks amid the escalating
conflict with Iran, with a potential for sustained $100-plus oil (-) Monolithic Power Systems Inc. (MPWR)
prices in extended conflict scenarios. Higher oil prices from an
(-) NXP Semiconductors N.V. (NXPI)
Iran conflict pressure the Technology sector by raising
(-) On Semiconductor Corp. (ON)
operational costs for energy-intensive AI data centers,
increasing logistics expenses, and fueling inflation that may (-) SAP SE (SAP)
delay interest rate cuts. This environment squeezes profit
(-) Workday Inc. (WDAY)
margins, reduces discretionary IT spending, and creates
volatility for technology stocks. IDC has already trimmed its baseline IT spending forecast to 9% from 10% in
2026 but assumes Brent crude prices will be closer to $85-$95 (three-month conflict scenario). A sustained
$100-plus level over this span could reduce IT spending by at least another 2 to 3 percentage points this
year, but the impact on the sector won’t be felt equally and should be far less pronounced than most other
cyclical segments of the market.
The conflict in Iran is manageable but not inconsequential. While the near-term impact on global IT
spending growth should be modest, the tail risk of extended conflict warrants consideration. Consumer-
facing technology and discretionary enterprise spending would be most vulnerable. Cybersecurity and
infrastructure resiliency solutions should hold up best. The structural trends toward digital sovereignty, multi-
region cloud architecture, and AI deployment remain intact but may experience near-term pauses.
Thematic Research March 9, 2026 1

Table 1: Technology Considerations Under Varying Oil Price Levels
Oil Price IT Spending Impact
$85-$95 1%-pt impact to IT spending
$100+ over 90-120 days 2-3%-pt impact
$150+ super spike worst-case scenario if sustained; recessionary
Source: CFRA, IDC.
Under a sustained $85-$95 oil scenario, the major impact we see would be lower consumer device
purchases and modest negative headwinds from higher energy/inflationary pressures. Still, the way IT
spending is constituted these days, the impact should be relatively negligible even if these levels are
sustained, which should lead to a broader recovery in the IT sector as we get greater clarity from the conflict
in Iran in the coming days and weeks.
If oil prices are sustained over $100 for more than 90 days, we would suspect a more severe impact from
the consumer, a delayed interest rate normalization (could impact some buildout plans), and more severe
impact on Middle East IT spending (less than 5% of total IT global spend). In this scenario, we expect
enterprises to prioritize AI and cybersecurity spending.
In a worst-case scenario of a super spike in oil that is sustained for weeks or months, it would create a
recessionary environment that no company would be immune from. This would be the tail-end risk investors
need to be mindful about. Should this probability rise, then the impact/multiple contraction on Technology
stocks would undoubtedly be felt. Vice versa, if odds come down to such a scenario, we would suspect
technology stocks to rebound strongly. It is also important to note that ad-based companies could feel
greater pressure in this environment (e.g., Alphabet and Meta), which could finally create an environment
where AI spend is cut.
Table 2: Potential Winners – Beneficiaries/More Immune to Iran Conflict
Area Reasoning Positive Implications
- Structural spending growth across all
scenarios
Cybersecurity and CRWD, PANW, PLTR,
- Government and enterprise budget
Defense-Related AI/Analytics ZS
prioritization
- Insurance-driven risk mitigation investments
- Large-scale service provider deployments
continue
- State-backed AI initiatives in Gulf NVDA, AMD, AVGO,
Data Center AI Infrastructure
- Sovereign cloud spend increases MRVL, MU
- Near-term project delays possible during
reassessment phase
- More recurring based business models
should hold up better in this environment
Software as a Service (SaaS) than other aspects should oil prices endure CRM, MSFT, NOW
an unsustainable super spike
- Valuations have already been decimated
Source: CFRA.
Thematic Research March 9, 2026 2

Table 3: Potential Losers from the Conflict in Iran/Rising Oil Prices
Area Reasoning Negative Implications
- Compounding inflation/memory pressures HPQ, DELL, AAPL
- Delayed replacement cycles (although better
Consumer Devices
- More severe impact in MEA (smartphone- positioned than
heavy spending mix) others)
- Project deferrals in uncertain environment
Discretionary Enterprise IT - Non-critical digital transformation initiatives SAP, WDAY
- ROI scrutiny intensifies
- Demand pressure from defense electronics
- Supply chain risks, pricing power vs. volume
uncertainty MPWR, MCHP, NXPI,
Analog
- Consumer tilted areas like autos/PCs with ON
higher multiples could be more at risk
- Memory more mixed as pricing elevated
Source: CFRA.
Below are high-level implications that we think will be most in the headlines as we consider Iran implications
on technology in the coming weeks.
- - Increased operating costs for data centers, semiconductor fabricators, logistics
- - Delayed interest rate cuts tightening capital availability
- - Consumer and business sentiment deterioration
- - Potential reprioritization of AI and digital transformation initiatives
Cloud infrastructure implications. The conflict in Iran marks the first time major cloud provider regions and
availability zones are operating in an active conflict zone. In the current environment, IDC believes multi-
region deployment becomes best practice for enterprises while risk modeling expands from country-level to
regional resiliency frameworks. While long-term cloud investment should increase, near-term project pacing
may slow as enterprises reassess architecture, creating a potential pause before acceleration. The Middle
East focuses on sovereign cloud platforms and locally-owned datacenter investments. On a global basis,
considerations in the future will likely need to be made for cloud recovery planning and geographic
dispersion strategies amid high-risk areas of geopolitical turmoil.
AI spending, the key to the technology bull market, is likely to hold up well. A short Middle East conflict
won’t derail AI spending plans, as demand is strong and has proven resilient to external shocks (tariffs,
geopolitical conflicts). AI remains highly prioritized with a focus on scale deployment. Although a longer
conflict adds risk via available capital and resources, we anticipate that AI spending would likely be more
resilient than other investment types, but not immune to worst-case scenarios. Some considerations that
need to be monitored include memory availability, tighter access to capital, and higher energy/non-
technology component costs. The tail risk we previously highlighted that will drive up inflationary pressures
would be the one scenario where AI spending does finally feel the pinch. AI-driven investments could be big
beneficiaries in the current environment when tied to defense-related AI/analytics (e.g., Palantir) and
cybersecurity.
There are supply chain implications, with memory as a top concern. The Strait of Hormuz carries a
significant amount of global oil shipments and LNG flows. A prolonged disruption could create well-known
risks, such as energy cost spikes, elevated logistics and air freight costs, component delivery delays, and an
interruption to technology product flows into Africa and Europe. Recent manufacturing regionalization (e.g.,
Lenovo's Saudi expansion) highlights the Middle East's growing role in global tech supply chains, creating
new exposure points for logistics disruption through Gulf shipping routes, delays in new manufacturing hub
ramp-ups, and increased insurance and freight costs. Although we were already starting to see constraints
from the memory space pre-conflict, we expect to see further upward pressure on DRAM and NAND pricing.
Thematic Research March 9, 2026 3

This is partly due to greater consumption of advanced semiconductors and memory across the military
space, which is an area of prioritization (i.e., smart munitions, drone systems, and defense electronics). The
higher memory prices will drive rising AI accelerator memory configuration costs, enterprise storage
infrastructure cost increases, and consumer device pricing pressure.
Cybersecurity emerges as a relative beneficiary within overall IT spending, even if broader
macroeconomic conditions soften. Even in extended conflict scenarios, security investments remain
relatively resilient. Insurance costs for cyber coverage could rise. Security is typically the last IT budget cut in
uncertain environments and is likely to expand in this environment across managed detection and response
(MDR), security operations center (SOC) modernization, zero-trust architecture, endpoint detection and
response (EDR), identity and access management (IAM), and cloud workload protection. We expect greater
security investments across energy infrastructure, financial services, telecommunications, government
systems, and cloud platforms/SaaS providers.
Digital sovereignty was already a critical strategy across the Middle East, with the conflict only
accelerating priorities for independence. Elevated military expenditures (billions within the first days)
create budget trade-offs. The duration of the conflict determines whether sovereign IT investments
accelerate or face temporary reprioritization. Capital-rich Gulf states will likely maintain momentum, but
other regional participants may pause. Priority investments will include sovereign cloud platforms and
enhanced cybersecurity systems, among other areas.
The conflict in Iran will only add further pressure to consumer technology spending. Higher oil
prices/greater inflationary pressure from components and supply chain disruption risk could further crimp
demand. With device category prices already rising due to memory shortages, we expect consumers to
delay PC, tablet, and smartphone replacements. Smartphone demand in MEA, as well as globally, was
already expected to decline in 2026 and this will likely deteriorate further. Industries in the Middle East like
travel and real estate could experience a spending freeze, hurting enterprise IT investments.
Relative Performance
1-YR Performance
DELL
NVDA
CRWD
AAPL
MCHP
MSFT
PANW
NXPI
FTNT
ZS
NOW
CRM
HPQ
-40% -30% -20% -10% 0% 10% 20% 30% 40% 50% 60%
Source: S&P Global Market Intelligence. Data from March 9, 2025 to March 9, 2026.
Thematic Research March 9, 2026 4

Implications*
Positive implications: CFRA sees an improvement in company fundamentals, which could include (but are not limited to) improved
pricing, strengthening backlog, market share gains, cost improvements, a more favorable regulatory environment, or improving
demographic trends, over the next 12 months.
Negative implications: CFRA sees a weakening in the company’s fundamentals, which could include (but are not limited to) weaker
pricing, reduced backlog visibility, market share losses, cost inflation, unfavorable regulatory climate, or demographic headwinds, over
the next 12 months.
* The categorization of positive or negative implication may not include every qualitative or quantitative factor that is used to undertake
a full analysis of a company’s financial picture as other factors may need to be analyzed, and is not intended to be investment advice
and should not be interpreted as such. These categorizations represent the current good-faith views of the authors at the time of
publication and these views are subject to change without notice of any kind.
Contact CFRA
977 Seminole Trail, PMB 230
Charlottesville, VA 22901-2824
USA
P: +1-800-220-0502
cservices@cfraresearch.com
www.cfraresearch.com
Disclosures
Stocks are ranked in accordance with the following ranking methodologies:
STARS Stock Reports
Qualitative STARS recommendations are determined and assigned by equity analysts. For reports containing STARS recommendations
refer to the Glossary section of the report for detailed methodology and the definition of STARS rankings.
Quantitative Stock Reports
Quantitative recommendations are determined by ranking a universe of common stocks based on 5 measures or model categories:
Valuation, Quality, Growth, Street Sentiment, and Price Momentum. In the U.S., a sixth sub-category for Financial Health will also be
displayed. Percentile scores are used to compare each company to all other companies in the same universe for each model category.
The five (six) model category scores are then weighted and rolled up into a single percentile ranking for that company. For reports
containing quantitative recommendations refer to the Glossary section of the report for detailed methodology and the definition of
Quantitative rankings.
STARS Stock Reports and Quantitative Stock Reports
The methodologies used in STARS Stock Reports and Quantitative Stock Reports (collectively, the "Research Reports") reflect
different criteria, assumptions and analytical methods and may have differing recommendations. The methodologies and data used to
generate the different types of Research Reports are believed by the author and distributor reasonable and appropriate. Generally,
CFRA does not generate reports with different ranking methodologies for the same issuer. However, in the event that different
methodologies or data are used on the analysis of an issuer, the methodologies may lead to different views or recommendations on the
issuer, which may at times result in contradicting assessments of an issuer. CFRA reserves the right to alter, replace or vary models,
methodologies, or assumptions from time to time and without notice to clients.
Analyst Certification
STARS Stock Reports are prepared by the equity research analysts of CFRA and its affiliates and subsidiaries. All of the views
expressed in STARS Stock Reports accurately reflect the research analyst's personal views regarding any and all of the subject
securities or issuers. Analysts generally update stock reports at least four times each year. No part of analyst, CFRA, or its affiliates or
subsidiaries compensation was, is, or will be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views expressed in a
STARS Stock Report.
About CFRA Equity Research's Distributors
This Research Report is published and originally distributed by Accounting Research & Analytics, LLC d/b/a CFRA (“CFRA US”), with
the following exceptions: In the UK/EU/EEA, it is published and originally distributed by CFRA UK Limited (“CFRA UK”), which is
regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority (No. 775151), and in Malaysia by CFRA MY Sdn Bhd (Company No. 683377-A). These
parties and their subsidiaries maintain no responsibility for reports redistributed by third parties such as brokers or financial advisors.
Thematic Research March 9, 2026 5

General Disclosure
Notice to all jurisdictions:
Where Research Reports are made available in a language other than English and in the case of inconsistencies between the English
and translated versions of a Research Report, the English version will control and supersede any ambiguities associated with any part
or section of a Research Report that has been issued in a foreign language. Neither CFRA nor its affiliates guarantee the accuracy of
the translation. The content of this report and the opinions expressed herein are those of CFRA based upon publicly-available
information that CFRA believes to be reliable and the opinions are subject to change without notice. This analysis has not been
submitted to, nor received approval from, the United States Securities and Exchange Commission or any other regulatory body. While
CFRA exercised due care in compiling this analysis, CFRA AND ALL RELATED ENTITIES SPECIFICALLY DISCLAIM ALL
WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, to the full extent permitted by law, regarding the accuracy, completeness, or usefulness of this
information and assumes no liability with respect to the consequences of relying on this information for investment or other purposes.
No content (including ratings, credit-related analyses and data, valuations, model, software or other application or output therefrom) or
any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered, reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a
database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission of CFRA. The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. CFRA and any third-party providers, as well as their directors, officers, shareholders, employees, or agents do
not guarantee the accuracy, completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content.
Past performance is not necessarily indicative of future results.
This document may contain forward-looking statements or forecasts; such forecasts are not a reliable indicator of future performance.
This report is not intended to, and does not, constitute an offer or solicitation to buy and sell securities or engage in any investment
activity. This report is for informational purposes only. Recommendations in this report are not made with respect to any particular
investor or type of investor. Securities, financial instruments, or strategies mentioned herein may not be suitable for all investors and this
material is not intended for any specific investor and does not take into account an investor's particular investment objectives, financial
situations or needs. Before acting on any recommendation in this material, you should consider whether it is suitable for your particular
circumstances and, if necessary, seek professional advice.
CFRA may license certain intellectual property or provide services to, or otherwise have a business relationship with, certain issuers of
securities that are the subject of CFRA research reports, including exchange-traded investments whose investment objective is to
substantially replicate the returns of a proprietary index of CFRA. In cases where CFRA is paid fees that are tied to the amount of
assets invested in a fund or the volume of trading activity in a fund, investment in the fund may result in CFRA receiving compensation in
addition to the subscription fees or other compensation for services rendered by CFRA, however, no part of CFRA’s compensation for
services is tied to any recommendation or rating. Additional information on a subject company may be available upon request.
CFRA's financial data provider is S&P Global Market Intelligence. THIS DOCUMENT CONTAINS COPYRIGHTED AND TRADE SECRET
MATERIAL DISTRIBUTED UNDER LICENSE FROM S&P GLOBAL MARKET INTELLIGENCE. FOR RECIPIENT'S INTERNAL USE ONLY.
The Global Industry Classification Standard (GICS®) was developed by and/or is the exclusive property of MSCI, Inc. and S&P Global
Market Intelligence. GICS is a service mark of MSCI and S&P Global Market Intelligence and has been licensed for use by CFRA.
Other Disclaimers and Notice
Certain information in this report is provided by S&P Global, Inc. and/or its affiliates and subsidiaries (collectively “S&P Global”). Such
information is subject to the following disclaimers and notices: “Copyright © 2026, S&P Global Market Intelligence (and its affiliates as
applicable). All rights reserved. Nothing contained herein is investment advice and a reference to a particular investment or security, a
credit rating or any observation concerning a security or investment provided by S&P Global is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold
such investment or security or make any other investment decisions. This may contain information obtained from third parties, including
ratings from credit ratings agencies. Reproduction and distribution of S&P Global’s information and third party content in any form is
prohibited except with the prior written permission of S&P Global or the related third party, as applicable. Neither S&P Global nor its
third party providers guarantee the accuracy, completeness, timeliness or availability of any information, including ratings, and are not
responsible for any errors or omissions (negligent or otherwise), regardless of the cause, or for the results obtained from the use of
such information or content. S&P GLOBAL AND ITS THIRD PARTY CONTENT PROVIDERS GIVE NO EXPRESS OR IMPLIED
WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR
PURPOSE OR USE AND ALL S&P INFORMATION IS PROVIDED ON AN AS-IS BASIS. S&P GLOBAL AND ITS THIRD PARTY
CONTENT PROVIDERS SHALL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, EXEMPLARY, COMPENSATORY,
PUNITIVE, SPECIAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, COSTS, EXPENSES, LEGAL FEES, OR LOSSES (INCLUDING LOST INCOME
OR PROFITS AND OPPORTUNITY COSTS OR LOSSES CAUSED BY NEGLIGENCE) IN CONNECTION WITH ANY USE OF THEIR
INFORMATION OR CONTENT, INCLUDING RATINGS. Credit ratings are statements of opinions and are not statements of fact or
recommendations to purchase, hold or sell securities. They do not address the suitability of securities or the suitability of securities for
investment purposes, and should not be relied on as investment advice.”
Certain information in this report may be provided by Securities Evaluations, Inc. (“SE”), a wholly owned subsidiary of Intercontinental
Exchange. SE is a registered investment adviser with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). SE’s advisory
services include evaluated pricing and model valuation of fixed income securities, derivative valuations and Odd-Lot Pricing that
consists of bid- and ask-side evaluated prices for U.S. Municipal and U.S. Corporate Securities (together called valuation services). Such
information is subject to the following disclaimers and notices: “No content (including credit-related analyses and data, valuations,
Thematic Research March 9, 2026 6

model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission of
SE. The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or unauthorized purposes. SE and any third-party providers, as well as their
directors, officers, shareholders, employees or agents (collectively SE Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy, completeness, timeliness
or availability of the Content. SE Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions (negligent or otherwise), regardless of the
cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content, or for the security or maintenance of any data input by the user. The
Content is provided on an “as is” basis. SE PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT
NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM
FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS, THAT THE CONTENT’S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT
THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall SE Parties be liable to
any party for any direct, indirect, incidental, exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses,
legal fees, or losses (including, without limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in
connection with any use of the Content even if advised of the possibility of such damages. Credit-related and other analyses and
statements in the Content are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations
to purchase, hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions. SE assumes no obligation to update the Content following
publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the skill, judgment and experience of
the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other business decisions. SE’s opinions and
analyses do not address the suitability of any security. SE does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor. While SE has obtained
information from sources it believes to be reliable, SE does not perform an audit and undertakes no duty of due diligence or
independent verification of any information it receives. Valuations services are opinions and not statements of fact or recommendations
to purchase, hold or sell any security or instrument, or to make any investment decisions. The information provided as part of valuations
services should not be intended as an offer, promotion or solicitation for the purchase or sale of any security or other financial
instrument nor should it be considered investment advice. Valuations services do not address the suitability of any security or
instrument, and securities, financial instruments or strategies mentioned by SE may not be suitable for all investors. SE does not provide
legal, accounting or tax advice, and clients and potential clients of valuation services should consult with an attorney and/or a tax or
accounting professional regarding any specific legal, tax or accounting provision(s) applicable to their particular situations and in the
countries and jurisdictions where they do business. SE has redistribution relationships that reflect evaluated pricing, derivative valuation
and/or equity pricing services of other unaffiliated firms with which SE has contracted to distribute to its client base.
Pricing and data provided by these third-party firms are the responsibilities of those firms, and not SE, and are produced under those
firms' methodologies, policies and procedures. Valuations services provided by SE and products containing valuations services may not
be available in all countries or jurisdictions. Copyright © 2026 by Intercontinental Exchange Inc. All rights reserved.”
For residents of the European Union/European Economic Area
Research reports are originally distributed by CFRA UK Limited (company number 08456139 registered in England & Wales with its
registered office address at New Derwent House, 69-73 Theobalds Road, London, WC1X 8TA). CFRA UK Limited is regulated by the UK
Financial Conduct Authority (No. 775151).
For residents of Malaysia
Research reports are originally produced and distributed by CFRA MY Sdn Bhd (Company No. 683377-A).
For Residents of Singapore:
This Research Report is distributed by CFRA UK Limited to its clients in Singapore who hold a financial advisers licence or is a person
exempt from holding such licence (“SG Intermediary”). Recipients of this Research Report in Singapore should contact the SG
Intermediary in respect to any matters arising from, or in connection with, the analysis in this report. Where the recipient is not an
accredited, expert or institutional investor as defined by the Securities and Futures Act, the SG Intermediary accepts legal responsibility
for the contents of this Research Report in accordance with applicable law. When reports are distributed by SG Intermediaries in
Singapore, the SG Intermediary, and not CFRA, is solely responsible for ensuring that the recipients of the Research Reports
understand the information contained in the Research Reports and that such information is suitable based on the customer's profile and
investment objectives. This Research Report is intended for general circulation and no advice or recommendation is made herein or by
CFRA to any particular person. CFRA does not assume any responsibility to advise on whether any particular product is suitable for any
person, and the analysis herein does not take into account the specific investment objectives, financial situation or particular needs of
any particular person, and should not be relied upon for any investment decision.
For residents of all other countries
Research reports are originally distributed Accounting Research & Analytics, LLC d/b/a CFRA.
Copyright © 2026 CFRA. All rights reserved. CFRA and STARS are registered trademarks of CFRA.
Thematic Research March 9, 2026 7
