Marketing Communication. For Professional Investors only.
Beyond the headlines: Exploring the
diverse opportunities in US equities
March 2026
As confidence in American exceptionalism has dimmed, the idea of reducing exposure to US equities has gained momentum. Is
this ‘sell America’ trade justified? Should investors rotate from the world’s largest economy and stock market to other regions,
or could they consider a different approach to the US? We examine what’s driving this trend and explore where investors
might discover potential opportunities in US equities.
The US stock market has been a rewarding investment destination in recent years. Since 2023, the S&P 500 has delivered three
consecutive years of double-digit returns. However, despite exceptional returns, there are signs that investors' enthusiasm for
US equities is fading.
President Trump’s erratic policymaking and concerns about the US fiscal position have played a part in the growing caution
about US assets. The elevated valuations of US stocks – the S&P 500 Index trades at a forward price-to-earnings (P/E) ratio of
around 22x, well above it 10-year average of 18.8x1 – and concerns about a potential bubble in AI-related technology stocks are
also prompting investors to question the appeal of US equities.
When 2025’s decline in the US dollar is considered, it is not hard to create a narrative where investors might want to find
potential alternatives elsewhere.
While there are certainly risks tied to US stocks today, a high-level view doesn’t reveal the complete picture. For example, there
could be a significant breadth of opportunities in US stock markets beyond the most visible mega-cap stocks that have
dominated the spotlight lately. Therefore, rather than abandoning the US market altogether, investors may find that rebalancing
their exposure and considering less prominent stocks and overlooked areas could be a rewarding strategy.
Exceptional fundamentals
One of the main reasons investors have been considering alternatives to the US market may be the fact it underperformed the
broad global market and other regions last year. However, when considered in a longer term context, US underperformance is a
fairly rare occurrence. Last year’s underperformance was also rare in terms of magnitude. The last time the S&P 500 trailed the
global equity market by a larger amount was over 15 years ago, back in 2009 during the global financial crisis.
Figure 1: US underperformance has been a rare occurrence
Past performance is not a guide to future performance.
S&P 500 Index vs MSCI ACWI Index return in USD
40%
30%
20%
n
ru 10%
t
e 0%
r
la -10%
u
n
n -20%
A
-30%
-40%
-50%
2008 2009 2010 2011 2012 2013 2014 2015 2016 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 2023 2024 2025
S&P 500 MSCI ACWI
Source: Bloomberg, 31 December 2025. Investors cannot invest directly in an index.
1 The Motley Fool, ‘The Stock Market Sounds an Alarm as Investors Get a Warning From the Federal Reserve. History Says This Could Happen Next’,
(www.fool.com), February 2026.
The value of investments will fluctuate, which will cause prices to fall as well as rise and investors may not get back the original
amount invested. Past performance is not a guide to future performance. The views expressed in this document should not be
taken as a recommendation, advice or forecast and they should not be considered as a recommendation to purchase or sell
any particular security.

2 Beyond the headlines: Exploring the diverse opportunities in US equities
Of course, it is not possible to say whether the US is heading for a prolonged period of underperformance. But there are reasons
to think the US could return to its winning ways in the future.
The first is grounded in fundamentals. The US market has a track record of superior earnings growth to other regions around the
world. There are a number of other metrics too, such as profit margins and productivity, where US companies have substantially
higher levels than their counterparts elsewhere.
Another positive aspect of US companies is their corporate culture. This is very much
orientated around driving return on invested capital and rewarding shareholders, either “The US market has a
with dividends or share buy backs. track record of superior
earnings growth to other
The long run outperformance of US stock markets in recent years has arguably been
regions around the world”
driven by these enduring fundamental characteristics, which could plausibly be expected
to persist over time.
Historically, the US has been a great place for investors to put their capital as its stock market has delivered excellent returns
over the long run. Given that the US continues to appear exceptional on fundamental measures, there are reasonable grounds to
remain optimistic about the long-term outlook for US equities.
Figure 2: US companies have shown superior earnings power
Past performance is not a guide to future performance.
Source: S&P Dow Jones Indices, Bloomberg, 31 December 2025.
Risks to navigate
Notwithstanding these encouraging factors, there are some risks and challenges in the US equity market that investors need to
navigate.
The first is valuation. The US stock market is clearly not cheap right now. In fact, on a variety of measures going back several
decades, there are very few times when the US equity market has been more expensive than it is today.
Therefore, although the underlying fundamentals look encouraging, the market’s elevated valuation is a risk that investors need
to take into consideration. High starting valuations potentially limit investors’ returns and, importantly, increase the risk of
declines if sentiment changes.
The other challenge facing investors in the US today is the fact that the market is incredibly concentrated. Currently, 10
companies account for around 40% of the S&P 500 Index, a figure that has risen from around 20% in the late 1990s2.
The significance of this narrowing of the S&P, which is supposed to be a broad representation of the US market, is that index
returns are very sensitive to changes in perceptions around a relatively small number of companies. In particular, the
2 Morningstar Indexes, ‘Stock Market Concentration Has Surpassed Its 1930s Peak. Should Investors Worry?’, (indexes.morningstar.com), February 2026.

3 Beyond the headlines: Exploring the diverse opportunities in US equities
performance of the S&P lately has been fuelled by the artificial intelligence (AI)-driven rally of mega-cap technology stocks: in
recent years, the top 10 contributors have accounted for around 60% of the S&P’s gains3.
The extent of this trend is observable in the significant outperformance of the market-cap weighted S&P relative to the equal
weight version of the index, where each constituent has the same fixed weighting (0.2%). This concentration has created a
headwind for many investors recently, who might not feel comfortable with such a large allocation to a handful of companies.
Broadening returns
The alternative perspective to this situation is that there is a broad opportunity set beyond the dominant technology stocks.
Although these overlooked stocks have struggled on a relative basis in recent years, history suggests that after a period of
extreme concentration and narrow market leadership, there is often a reversal. Indeed, last year we started to see a broadening
out of returns, which has continued this year.
While the S&P 500 is continuing to trail the broad global market this year, amid concerns about the return on AI investments and
potential disruption to existing businesses, the equal weight S&P index is delivering solid absolute returns and is outperforming
global stocks4.
The narrative of investors rotating out of the US market stems largely from the
“…history suggests that
underperformance of the S&P 500. But focusing on the technology-dominated S&P 500
after a period of
could be seen as a mischaracterisation of the opportunity set in the US today as it overlooks
extreme concentration
the strong performance and prospects of other areas.
and narrow market
The rotation taking place within US equities so far this year, from concentrated leadership, there is
semiconductor tech stocks towards broader tech stocks and more traditional, old economy often a reversal”
stocks with real assets such as energy, industrials and utilities, is arguably just as significant
as investors seeking opportunities elsewhere.
This change in performance leadership suggests investors might benefit from looking beyond the S&P 500, which is skewed by
a small number of stocks, and considering the diverse range of opportunities that can be found across the entire spectrum of
the US market.
Is there an AI bubble?
One of the big questions investors are currently grappling with about the US market is whether there is an AI bubble. There is
still a great deal of uncertainty about AI and how this new technology could transform society and the economy.
What is clear is that the amount of money being spent by big technology firms, so-called hyperscalers, to build out AI
infrastructure has been increasing enormously over the past couple of years. And there is little sign of it slowing down – this year
Alphabet (parent company of Google), Microsoft, Meta and Amazon together are expected to spend nearly US$700 billion5.
This hasn’t been an issue as these firms have enjoyed strong growth and are extremely profitably, so they have been able to
fund this capex without putting their business under strain. However, there is a sense that AI spending could be approaching a
level that is getting ahead of revenue growth. This is why investors are keen to see that there will be a return on this investment,
particularly as company valuations are arguably beginning to look stretched.
At this stage, most of the hyperscalers are not experiencing any financial distress as their core businesses remain strong.
However, if the growth in capex were to continue and valuations remained elevated, it would potentially change the prospect of
investing in these companies.
Valuation dispersion
In light of this, investors may start to become more mindful of what they are buying. Currently, the valuation spread between the
most expensive and the cheapest stock in the market is almost as wide as it’s been since 1990, which includes the dotcom
bubble of 1999/2000.
3 Etf.com, ‘A Handful of Stocks Are Driving Most of the Market’s Gains—Again’, (etf.com), November 2025.
4 Source: LSEG Datastream, 6 March 2026. The global market is represented by the MSCI World Index. Returns in US dollars.
5 CNBC, ‘Tech AI spending may approach $700 billion this year, but the blow to cash raises red flags’, (cnbc.com), February 2026.

4 Beyond the headlines: Exploring the diverse opportunities in US equities
Figure 3: Wide valuation dispersion in the US
S&P 500 Index: Price-to-book spread between 25th and 75th percentile
9.0
8.0
25th percentile
7.0
) 75th percentile
B
/ 6.0
P
(
k 5.0
o
o
b 4.0
-
o
t
- 3.0
e
c
irP
2.0
1.0
0.0
1990 1995 2000 2005 2010 2015 2020 2025
Source: LSEG Datastream, 31 December 2025. Highlighted bars indicate periods where price-to-book spread is greater than the current price-to-book
spread.
For the stocks at the most expensive end of the market, which are spending lots of money on capex and where there is
uncertainty when revenue monetisation is going to come through, there are potential risks that might not be fully reflected in
those valuations.
Similarly, any expensive companies with business models that are going to have to adapt and change to avoid disruption from AI
might also be vulnerable to underappreciated risks.
In order to navigate the unpredictability surrounding the future of AI, being disciplined about valuation and trying to avoid
expensive stocks that are not pricing in these potential risks might be a prudent approach.
Value style
And as we’ve discussed above, there are many potential alternatives in the broader US market beyond the most expensive
stocks. Some investors are starting to look more closely at the value investment style and finding opportunities among the
cheaper parts of the US equity market.
After being out of favour for many years, the style is starting to gather momentum and could arguably represent an attractive
risk-reward today. Selective value investors could find stocks that trade at valuations akin to those in other regions such as
Europe but offer US quality fundamentals.
Dividend focus
Alternatively, another potentially rewarding strategy is to focus on stocks providing income. This investment approach has also
been overlooked in the US for some time but income still represents around 40% of the total return from equities over time.
Therefore, dividends matter over the long run and can be a robust way to go about investing in the market, particularly as a rising
dividend stream over time can put upward pressure on the share price.
Dividends are an important feature of the corporate culture in the US and there are many firms that have a consistent track
record of delivering a growing income stream. Not only can dividend growth provide some protection against inflation, but
income strategies can also provide some resilience in challenging market conditions as a robust income stream could be
delivered through a full market cycle.
Viable strategies for the US market
Whether investors are worried about the increasing narrowness of the US market, elevated valuations or bouts of geopolitical-
driven turbulence, there are viable equity strategies that could help them navigate these challenges without retreating from the
US altogether.
The US market has been an exceptionally successful investment destination in the last decade and there are compelling reasons
to believe that it can continue to deliver attractive returns – particularly for active stock market investors who pursue value-
oriented or dividend-focused strategies.

5 Beyond the headlines: Exploring the diverse opportunities in US equities
Marketing Communication for Professional Investors only. Not for onward distribution. No other persons should rely on any information
contained within.
This information does not constitute an offer or a solicitation to buy shares in any of M&G’s funds.
This document reflects M&G’s present opinions reflecting current market conditions. They are subject to change without notice and involve a
number of assumptions which may not prove valid. It has been written for informational purposes only and should not be considered as
investment advice, a forecast or guarantee of future results, or as a recommendation of any security, strategy or investment product. Where
relevant, any reference to individual companies is for illustrative purposes only and should not be considered a recommendation to buy or sell
securities of those companies.
Information is derived from proprietary and non-proprietary sources which have not been independently verified for accuracy or completeness.
While M&G Investments believes the information to be accurate and reliable, we do not claim or have responsibility for its completeness,
accuracy, or reliability. Statements of future expectations, estimates, projections, and other forward-looking statements are based on available
information and management’s view as of the time of these statements. Accordingly, such statements are inherently speculative as they are
based on assumptions which may involve known and unknown risks and uncertainties. Actual results, performance or events may differ materially
from those expressed or implied in such statements. All forms of investments carry risks. Such investments may not be suitable for everyone.
This document has not been reviewed by any regulatory authority.
For Australia only: This document is intended for wholesale clients as defined under the Corporations Act 2001.
For Hong Kong only: This document is for professional investors only.
For Singapore only: This document is for institutional Investors as defined under the Securities and Futures Act (Cap. 289) of Singapore only.
For Taiwan only: This document is for institutional investors only.
For Japan only: This document is for Institutional Investors only. This document is provided to you for the purpose of providing information with
respect to investment management business capabilities of M&G Investments Japan Co., Ltd (the ‘Company’) and its offshore group affiliates.
For the Republic of Korea only: This document is for Qualified Professional Investors only.
For China only: For Eligible Investors only (e.g. qualified domestic institutional investors). The materials contained herein are introductory and are
not intended to solicit or induce the audience to enter into commercial arrangement with M&G.
For the United States only : M&G Investment Management Limited is registered as an investment adviser with the Securities and Exchange
Commission of the United States of America under US laws, which differ from UK and FCA laws.
For Canada only: Upon receipt of these materials, each Canadian recipient will be deemed to have represented to M&G Investment
Management Limited, that the investor is a ‘permitted client’ as such term is defined in National Instrument 31-103 Registration Requirements,
Exemptions and Ongoing Registrant Obligations.
In the UK, the United States, Canada and Australia, this Financial Promotion is issued by M&G Investment Management Limited, registered in
England and Wales under number 936683, registered office 10 Fenchurch Avenue, London EC3M 5AG. M&G Investment Management Limited is
authorised and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority. In Hong Kong and Korea, this financial promotion is issued by M&G Investments
(Hong Kong) Limited. Office: Unit 1002, LHT Tower, 31 Queen’s Road Central, Hong Kong; in Singapore by M&G Investments (Singapore) Pte.
Ltd. (UEN 201131425R), regulated by the Monetary Authority of Singapore; In Taiwan, independently operated by M&G Investments (Taiwan)
Limited, regulated by Financial Supervisory Commission of Taiwan, R.O.C. (113-gingwantougu-009). Address: Rm B1, 33F., Taipei 101 Tower, No. 7,
Sec. 5, Xinyi Rd., Xinyi Dist., Taipei, 110, Taiwan. Tel: +886-02-81010600; in Japan by M&G Investments Japan Co., Ltd. Investment Management
Business Operator, Investment Advisory and Agency Business Operator, Type II Financial Instruments Business Operator Director-General of the
Kanto Local Finance Bureau (Kinsho) No. 2942. Membership to Associations: Japan Investment Advisers Association, Type II Financial
Instruments Firms Association. Elsewhere, issued by M&G Luxembourg S.A. Registered Office: 16, boulevard Royal, L-2449, Luxembourg.
W16955_March 26_Global
