Global Economics Update | 2nd April 2026
The indirect inflation effects of higher energy prices
• Beyond their direct effects on consumer prices of fuels and piped gas , higher crude oil and natural gas
prices will prompt firms to pass on higher fuel costs to consumers, boosting the prices of non -fuel items
of the CPI such as electricity and food . In our baseline scenario, we estimate that these indirect effects
on inflation – which are separate from “second -round” effects via broader wage - and price -setting – could
range from 0.7% -pt in the US to nearly 1.5% -pt in the euro -zone, with the UK and Japan in between.
• Chart 1 provides a framework for thinking about how a surge in oil and (natural) gas prices feed through to
consumer prices . “First-round” effects are one-off price adjustments to higher fuel costs . “Second-round”
effects capture workers and firms respond ing to first-round price increases by bidding up wages and prices
to defend their real incomes. On their own, the first -round effects are (for want of a better word ) transitory,
even if they can take time to fully feed through . But when inflation expectations rise amid conditions of
excess demand , would -be transitory price effects can become self -sustaining via second -round effects.
Chart 1: Stylised Transmission of Higher Energy Prices to Consumer Price Inflation
Source: Capital Economics
• Within first-round effects, higher oil and gas prices directly push up the consumer prices of fuels. For motor
fuel, the passthrough is bigger where fuel taxes are lower , as in the US. (See Chart 2.) In contrast, in Europe,
taxes make up a bigger share of pump price s, which dampens the inflationary effect of a rise in oil prices .
Of course, in practice, tax changes or price cap s (like those in Japan ) will influence the direct passthrough.
Chart 2: Fuel Tax Share of Gasoline Price (%, 2024) Chart 3: Brent Oil Price & Japan LNG Import Price
Sources: IEA, Capital Economics Sources: LSEG, Capital Economics
Simon MacAdam , Deputy Chief Global Economist , simon.macadam@capitaleconomics.com
Global Economics Update Page 1

Global Economics Update
• For natural gas prices, there is also a fairly mechanical passthrough to consumer prices of piped gas, at least
outside Japan. Indeed, in Japan, it is the yen price of crude oil that determines the prices of household gas
(see Chart 3), not Asian LNG benchmarks , since most imported LNG contracts there are linked to oil prices.
• In addition to pushing up consumer prices of fuels, higher oil and gas prices indirectly boost the prices of
non-fuel goods and services as firms pass on higher fuel costs. For example, natural gas prices are a major
determinant of electricity prices in many DMs. (See Chart 4.) In many cases , gas is either a key input for
power generation or frequently sets the price of power generated under uniform marginal pricing systems.
And as electricity bills are included in some rental agreements, higher gas prices can end up boosting rents.
• Moreover, h igher oil prices increase fuel costs for transport services such as air lines and haulage. The
cost hike for transport services is larger when the cost of higher -grade refined petroleum rise s by more than
crude oil prices, as is the case today . Indeed, s ince the start of the war, gasoline prices have experienced
comparable increases to crude oil . But the prices of diesel – which is used disproportionately by heavy-
goods vehicles transporting goods – and jet fuel have risen much further. (See Chart 5.) Prices of tourism-
related services can be sensitive to higher transport costs too.
Chart 4: Natural Gas Prices & Electricity CPI Chart 5: % Change in Prices of Crude Oil &
(% y/y , DM Average) Refined Products Since the War Began
Sources: LSEG, Capital Economics Sources: LSEG, Capital Economics
• Besides electricity and transportation, food production is often energy-intensive, especially in relation to
fertilisers. Natural gas is used to make ammonia -based fertilisers such as urea . While there are gas-free
phosphate and potash alternatives, they are partly fungible with and often complementary to ammonia
fertilisers, so fertiliser prices are typically jointly driven by natural gas prices. (See Chart 6.) So higher natural
gas prices push up food inflation, which in turn increases price pressures in the hospitality sectors.
• What’s more, an energy price shock can increase the costs of production of energy-intensive materials
that cascade down supply chains to household goods. For instance, refined metals, processed rubber, and
wood pulp are energy -intensive and hence their prices are significantly driven by energy prices . In addition,
higher prices of oil and gas boost the prices of hydrocarbon derivatives such as plastics. The prices of PVC
and VCM plastics have spiked since the war began. (See Chart 7.) And given that packaging makes up a
higher share of the value of food than other goods, higher plastic prices can exacerbate food inflation.
Chart 6: Natural gas & Fertiliser Prices (2019 = 100) Chart 7: Global Industrial Materials Prices (2019 = 100)
Sources: LSEG, World Bank, Capital Economics Sources: LSEG, Capital Economics
Global Economics Update Page 2

Global Economics Update
• Out of all these channels through which a surge in oil and gas prices can boost inflation indirectly , the
most important quantitatively is food, followed by electricity. To determine this, we examine 1 the responses
of CPI components to a uniform doubling of oil and gas prices across major advanced economies . In this
case, we estimate that the increase in average headline inflation from higher food prices peaks at 0.6% -pt
after 15 months, having taken several months to feed through initially . (See the dark blue line in Chart 8.)
• While electricity inflation rises much further than inflation in other CPI component s, its small weight in CPI
baskets (< 2%) means its contribution to headline inflation is just over half that of food. (Compare the green
and dark blue lines.) The inflation boost from higher transport prices is the fastest indirect effect with almost
the peak effect coming through in just four months. The peak effect from higher hospitality inflation is similar
in size to that of transport but takes much longer to feed through. (Compare the light blue and grey lines.)
• Of course, in current circumstances, advanced economies are not facing a uniform energy price shock. Oil
and gas prices have risen by less in the US than in Europe and Asia. And as we set out in our “baseline ” and
“adverse” energy price scenarios in our Global Economic Outlook , this disparity is likely to endure in either
case, limiting the indirect boost to inflation in the US compared to other DMs . What’s more, the parts of the
CPI that are the main transmission channels for indirect energy effects are smaller in the US. (See Chart 9.)
Chart 8: Modelled % -Point Indirect Boost to Inflation Chart 9: CPI Weights of Categories with Biggest Indirect
from Doubling of Oil & Gas Prices (Major DM Average) Exposure to Higher Oil & Gas Prices (%)
Sources: LSEG, Capital Economics Sources: LSEG, Capital Economics
• In our baseline scenario – with Brent ending the year at $80pb and TTF natural gas at €70/MWh – our model
suggests the US will see the smallest indirect boost to inflation among major DMs, peaking at about 0.75% -
pt in early 2027. (See Chart 10.) The peak effect in the euro-zone is twice the size and doesn’t unwind until
H2 2027. After all, the US is mainly facing an oil price shock which fades more quickly, while in the euro-
zone the far bigger rise in natural gas prices takes time to boost food and hospitality inflation. The indirect
effects in the UK and Japan are a bit smaller than in the euro-zone. But because our model doesn’t take
policy intervention into account, in practice, fuel price caps will limit the passthrough in Japan. Price caps
aside, half or more of the indirect effects come through food and electricit y, rather than core, component s.
• In our adverse scenario, with Brent reaching $130 pb and TTF at €120/MWh, the indirect boosts to inflation
are roughly two -thirds larger. (See Chart 11.) All else equal, the bigger the indirect effects on inflation , the
greater the risk of second -round effects taking hold and central banks acting forcefully in response.
Chart 10: Modelled % -Point Indirect Boost to Headline Chart 11: Modelled % -Point Indirect Boost to Headline
Inflation in CE Baseline Scenario for Oil & Gas Prices Inflation in CE Adverse Scenario for Oil & Gas Prices
Sources: LSEG, Capital Economics Sources: LSEG, Capital Economics
Global Economics Update Page 3

Global Economics Update
1 We use a VAR framework to model the response of CPI components to shocks in oil and gas prices, controlling for shocks in oth er
commodity prices (based on the IMF’s primary commodity price index) , exchange rates, domestic economic conditions (proxied b y OECD
CLIs), and global supply chain conditions (proxied by S&P Global PMI indicators). Estimations based on monthly data from 1998 to 2025.
Disclaimer: While every effort has been made to ensure that the data quoted and used for the research behind this document is reliable, t here is no guarantee
that it is correct, and Capital Economics Limited and its subsidiaries can accept no liability whatsoever in respect of any errors or omissions. This document is
a piece of economic research and is not intended to constitute investment advice, nor to solicit dealing in securities or inv estments.
Distribution: Subscribers are free to make copies of our publications for their own use, and for the use of members of the subscribing team at their business
location. No other form of copying or distribution of our publications is permitted without our explicit permis sion. This includes but is not limited to internal
distribution to non -subscribing employees or teams.
