Thematic Research
Thematic industry research based on proprietary analytics from CFRA
Janice Quek
cservices@cfraresearch.com
Application Software: We Move to a Neutral View as
Uncertainty of AI Disruption Lingers
Key Takeaways
Positive (+) or Negative (-) Implications
- Application software firms have borne the brunt of the
software industry sell-off this year. Heightened concerns
(+) Microsoft Corporation (MSFT)
about AI displacing software have been the main driver of the
(+) Palantir Technologies Inc. (PLTR)
steep declines.
- We have yet to see impactful changes to enterprise buying (+) Salesforce Inc. (CRM)
behavior. On the contrary, AI tool adoption among software
(+) ServiceNow Inc. (NOW)
providers continues to soar, with AI annual contract value
(ACV) and annual recurring revenue (ARR) rising rapidly. (-) Adobe Inc. (ADBE)
- That said, the medium- to long-term dynamics are less clear,
(-) Atlassian Corporation (TEAM)
as AI capabilities are advancing at a breakneck pace.
(-) Datadog Inc. (DDOG)
Although software firms contend that they maintain their
competitive moats, it will take time both to validate these (-) HubSpot Inc. (HUBS)
claims and to restore investor confidence in the industry.
(-) Intuit Inc. (INTU)
Meanwhile, volatility could stay elevated. For these reasons,
we are moving to a neutral view. (-) SAP SE (SAP)
- However, we think it is important to remain invested in select
(-) Workday Inc. (WDAY)
software companies as this allows investors to capture price
appreciation driven by multiple expansion from current depressed levels, as long as the industry
proves resilient to disruptions. We favor firms that we view as best positioned to navigate this wave
of uncertainty, such as MSFT, NOW, CRM, and PLTR.
Fundamental Context
After a tumultuous start to the year, the software industry is still struggling to recover. Price declines
have been swift and perplexing as they started on little news flow outside of company earnings reports.
Valuation compression (-26% YTD) has been primarily driven by AI disruption fears, rather than actual
fundamentals. We saw early signs of price stabilization with last week’s SaaS earnings reports (WDAY, CRM,
INTU). However, we are taking a neutral view on software, as price volatility is still high and there is a lack of
clarity on investors’ risk appetites and confidence in the industry’s ability to weather AI disruptions.
Software’s defensibility against AI will take time to validate or disprove, in our view. In the near term, we
continue to see strong fundamentals and evidence that AI is a tailwind for software companies, while rising
profitability and shareholder-friendly activities are keeping us from a bearish view. For these reasons, we
believe investors are best positioned in high-quality names within application software that are seen as most
resilient to AI disruptions, but suggest moving to a more neutral weight on the industry.
Thematic Research March 3, 2026 1

Table 1: Key Points to the Bull and Bear Case
Bull Case Bear Case
- Strong RPOs and Backlogs – indicates larger - Little change in software demand for now, but
accounts and longer commitments medium to long-term impact is uncertain
- Rapid pace of innovation; model capabilities
- AI ACVs/ARRs rising rapidly from increased advance quickly and AI tools and use cases are
adoption broadening
- Ample funding supports R&D initiatives
- LLMs and traditional software can co-exist to - AI contribution to the top line is still small;
provide optimal value for customers acceleration limited to a few companies
- Profitability is improving, even on a GAAP basis
- Monetary and fiscal policy trajectories are
- Operating margins are expanding for many firms
becoming more uncertain
and FCF generation is strong
- Stock-based compensation (SBC) as a
percentage of sales is declining
- Technical indicators have not confirmed a
- Increased authorization and accelerated share
bottom
repurchases, insider buying, and pauses in
management stock selling since sell-off
Source: CFRA.
Strong remaining performance obligations (RPOs) signal multi-year commitments and expanding
investments. From a fundamental lens, we continue to see SaaS resilience stemming from longer-term
backlog commitments and current AI adoption strength. RPOs, or backlog, show the total contracted value
of software and services that have yet to be recognized as revenues, which is typically either supported by
longer contract durations (subscription terms stretching multiple years), or larger purchases. Either way, it
reflects larger commitments from the vendors’ customers as they consume more solutions or desire to stay
with their vendor for a longer time. RPO levels for the major SaaS companies have gained pace in the last
two to three quarters, accelerating in some cases, demonstrating rising demand for core and new AI
solutions.
Figure 1: Strong RPO Growth Implies Larger Multi-Year Commitments with Vendor
160.0%
140.0%
120.0%
100.0%
80.0%
60.0%
40.0%
20.0%
0.0%
NOW TEAM DDOG HUBS PLTR CRM ADBE WDAY
Source: CFRA, Company 10Qs.
Thematic Research March 3, 2026 2
)%(
htworG
OPR
Q1 CY 25 Q2 2025 Q3 2025 Q4 2025

AI-attributed ACVs/ARRs are climbing as customers double-down on AI tools, suggesting rising AI
monetization. Traction for AI products has been robust, boosting ARRs and ACVs for firms. Commentary
has been consistent on the progress of AI adoption across the software companies in our coverage. While
monetization was immaterial last year, Q4 earnings saw management highlighting numerous AI deals and
consumption data points that suggest that ramps are starting to occur with AI adoption. For example, NOW
reported that net new ACV for its Generative AI solution, Now Assist, more than doubled Y/Y in Q4 2025,
exceeding $600 million in ACV. This compares to $250 million in ACV in May 2025, achieved over a 1.5-year
period, and suggests that demand has started to inflect. The company closed 35 Now Assist deals over $1
million in the fourth quarter alone, while deal volumes for other AI products, such as its AI control tower,
tripled Q/Q. Likewise, with many of our larger application software names, we see encouraging metrics
pointing to expanding demand and usage of vendor-provided AI tools.
Table 2: AI ACVs/ARRs are Growing at Significant Rates
Company AI Adoption and Monetization Indicators
- Agentforce (AI Agent platform) ARR reaching $800 million (+169% Y/Y)
- 29,000 Agentforce deals in the last 15 months (+50% Q/Q)
CRM
- Over 60% of Agentforce and Data 360 bookings came from existing customers
- Agentforce and Data 360 ARR exceeded $2.9 billion (+200% Y/Y)
- Now Assist surpassed $600 million in ACV (vs. $250 million in May 2025 and $0 in
September 2023)
NOW
- Now Assist net new ACV more than doubled Y/Y in Q4
- 35 Now Assist deals over $1 million in Q4
- More than two-thirds of Q4 cloud orders included AI products
SAP
- Joule co-pilot uses increased 9x in 2025
- Rovo Agent surpassed 5 million monthly active users (+1.5 million from Q3)
TEAM - Record number of $1 million ACV deals, up nearly 2x Y/Y
- RPO acceleration (+44% Y/Y) to $3.8 billion
- >8,000 customers on Customer Agent; 10,000 customers on Prospecting Agent;
2,500 on Data Agent
HUBS - Number of customers with 500 or more seats grew 5x, multi-hub adoption
accelerated
- Customers are purchasing more seats
- Generative AI consumption grew 3x Q/Q
ADBE - Total new AI-influenced ARR exceeds overall book of business and accelerated
throughout FY 25 (Nov.)
- $100 million in new ACV generated in Q4 from emerging AI products
WDAY
- Overall ARR from emerging AI products now exceeds $400 million
- Over 3 million customers are using agents for work; repeat engagement of more than
INTU 85%
- AI-enhanced capabilities are driving adoption of premium tiers
- Seat additions with Microsoft 365 Copilot (+160% Y/Y), reaching 15 million paid seats
- Number of large customers of Microsoft 365 Copilot (over 35,000 seats) tripled
MSFT
- Fabric, the data analytics platform that supports AI actions, has ARR of $2 billion, up
60% Y/Y
- 650 AI-native customers using its observability platform, 14 of the top 20 AI
companies
DDOG
- Signed 18 deals over $10 million in total contract value in Q4
- Sales of enterprise (non AI-native) customers accelerated to 23%
Source: CFRA, Company 10Qs, Investor presentations.
Thematic Research March 3, 2026 3

We reiterate that the DIY approach and off-the-shelf software procurement are not necessarily mutually
exclusive. LLM-powered tools enable users to build customized software at significantly less time and cost
than before, with reports showing that IT teams are generating tools to replace areas of friction where
commercial products have not been the best fit for the company’s internal processes. The rapid growth in
demand for both OpenAI and Anthropic’s tools supports this trend. However, companies are not abandoning
their enterprise software platforms, and AI-generated applications cannot be deployed at scale, remaining in
prototype, until they can reliably connect and work with enterprise data sets, and pass security, governance,
and data privacy reviews. What companies want to prevent is a repeat of a previous situation in the late
2010s where numerous point solutions were purchased, resulting in a sprawl of tools that were not working
well together, creating more technical debt over time. Another caveat for LLM use is its probabilistic nature,
i.e., they are generating responses/outputs that are most likely true. Hence, an identical prompt can produce
different and sometimes inaccurate outputs (hallucinations). In contrast, traditional software is deterministic,
generating consistent, auditable, and more accurate results. There are workarounds to improve their
reliability, but users are also aware of LLM limitations. As such, we believe LLM tools are at this point more
complementary to traditional software than fully replacing them.
Anthropic’s recent launch of software plug-ins underscores this point – that AI technologies create
more value for their users through data access and workflow integration with software providers. For
their part, vendors are building their own competitive LLM-powered alternatives, with the advantage of
platform integration, enterprise data training sets, and engineering teams with deep product knowledge.
Profitability metrics show healthy near-to-medium term fundamentals. We see operating margin
expansion despite higher opex (sales hiring/R&D) to broaden pipeline coverage and accelerate product
innovation. Free cash flow and gross margins were more mixed due to infrastructure costs and product mix
shifts. However, companies are becoming more profitable even on a GAAP basis. A common gripe about
investing in growth software businesses is the lack of GAAP profits, as stock-based compensation makes up
most of non-GAAP earnings. On this point, GAAP net margins are improving for the major application
software firms under our coverage, and stock-based compensation as a percentage of total revenues is
generally trending downwards for most firms.
Figure 2: Margins Reflect Growing Profitability
Non-GAAP EBIT Margin Trends FCF Margin Trends
55% 55%
45% 45%
35% 35%
25% 25%
15% 15%
NOW TEAM DDOG HUBS PLTR CRM ADBE WDAY NOW TEAM DDOG HUBS PLTR CRM ADBE WDAY
CY 24 CY 25 CY 26 (E) CY 27 (E) CY 24 CY 25 CY 26 (E) CY 27 (E)
Gross Margin Trends Net Margin Trends
90% 40%
85% 30%
80% 20%
10%
75%
0%
70% NOW TEAM DDOG HUBS PLTR CRM ADBE WDAY
NOW TEAM DDOG HUBS PLTR CRM ADBE WDAY -10%
CY 24 CY 25 CY 26 (E) CY 27 (E) CY 24 CY 25 CY 26 (E) CY 27 (E)
Source: CFRA, Company 10Ks, S&P Global Market Intelligence.
Thematic Research March 3, 2026 4

Accelerated share repurchases, insider buying, and pauses in executive stock selling programs reduce
equity dilution and boost EPS growth. The sharp decline in share prices have prompted management to roll
out a slew of share buyback programs and initiatives to attempt to steady prices and increase confidence.
We believe these activities signal to investors that shares are undervalued, and the buyback programs will be
beneficial to shareholders as these accelerated buybacks are executed.
Table 3: Noteworthy Capital Allocation Activities
Company Share Buybacks and Other Shareholder Friendly Programs
- $12.7 billion spent in FY 26 (Jan.) (vs. $7.8 billion in FY 25)
CRM
- Increased share repurchase authorization to $50 billion
- $2.6 billion spent in 2025 (vs. $1.4 billion in 2024)
- New $5 billion share repurchase program with $2 billion immediate accelerated
NOW share repurchase (ASR)
- CEO is buying back shares ($3 million)
- Some executives cancelled their stock sales
- EUR1.9 billion in 2025 (vs. EUR 2.1 billion in 2024)
SAP
- New two-year EUR 10 billion share repurchase program
- $977 million spent on share repurchases in the last 12 months (LTM; vs. $782
million in the prior 12-month period)
TEAM
- 2H pace of buybacks to be 2x-3x 1H
- Founders paused stock selling plans
- New $1 billion share repurchase program
HUBS
- $521 million spent on buybacks in 2025 (vs. $22 million in 2024)
- $11.7 billion on share repurchases in FY 25 (vs. $10.2 billion in FY 24)
ADBE
- $5.9 billion left of $25 billion authorization
- $2.9 billion on share repurchases in FY 26 (Jan.) (vs. $1.3 billion in FY 25)
WDAY
- $2.9 billion left in authorization
- $4.3 billion on share repurchases in LTM (vs. $3 billion in 12 months prior)
INTU
- $3.5 billion left in authorization
Source: CFRA, Company 10-Qs, Investor presentations.
Software is not new to market corrections and fundamentals are stronger today. There have been a few
distinct periods of multiple compression in the last 30 years. The dot-com crash was a notable event
following years of speculation where multiples reached astronomical levels without earnings supporting
them. Multiples fell dramatically again during the 2008 Financial Crisis; although that was attributed more to
a liquidity crisis, rather than a tech-driven event. Perhaps the most trying time for the software industry was
the massive correction in 2022 after the pandemic-fueled demand for cloud and software modernization.
Multiples compressed by about 43% throughout 2022, before finally bottoming in November of that year.
While it is always difficult to predict when compression will bottom, business fundamentals of software firms
are now stronger than before. Software firms are far more profitable and resilient this time around, as
management has prioritized a more balanced growth structure that is also focused on profitability. Between
2022 and 2023, the software industry doubled-down on cost optimization initiatives, cutting excesses and
driving operational efficiencies. This continues to be a priority for the industry, as management often cite
efficiency initiatives from AI adoption, modest headcount growth, and cost savings from G&A optimization.
Thematic Research March 3, 2026 5

Table 4: Comparison of Software Crashes
Valuation: Pre-Cash Forward
Time Time to
Peak to EBIT P/E at Notes
Period/Event Bottom
Bottom Margin Peak
- Valuations at speculative
2000 Dot-com levels
-65% 30 months 20% 60x
Crash - Many companies had no
earnings/cash flow
- Valuations were
2008 Financial reasonable
-53% 11 months 31% 21x
Crisis - Sell-off was mostly
macro/liquidity driven
- Elevated multiples
- Inflation & rate hikes
2022 SaaS Re-
-43% 12 months 33% 40.2x triggered sell-off
rating
- Cost optimization from
customers
- Fears of AI making
2025/2026 AI
Unknown Unknown 42% 36.5x software businesses
Disruption
obsolete
Source: S&P Global Market Intelligence.
While we believe the sell-off has been disproportionate to the assessed impact, we do not want to
dismiss concerns about AI disruption. Risk is elevated because of the uncertainty of impact over the longer
term. Although we have not yet seen any adverse impact to software demand from the AI tools created by
the LLM vendors, the pace of innovation from these vendors has been astounding. Both OpenAI and
Anthropic have been leading the AI community with the release of AI Agent builder tools, software
integration kits, and enterprise-oriented solutions for a broadening range of use cases, including Agentic
code development, financial data analysis, file management, and most recently code security. We expect the
performance of these tools to continue to improve, while vendors broaden the range of domain-level
offerings, intensifying concerns of product overlaps and share losses. Announcements of this nature have
significantly pressured software stocks, and we see the potential for continued headline-driven pressures as
the market remains nervous about the uncertainty of competitive displacements ahead.
We do not see innovation momentum abating from AI startups given the competitive pressures they face
within their sub-industry, ample funding to raise R&D capacity, and significant growth rates that have fueled
private investment in this area of tech. Most recently, Anthropic raised $30 billion in its Series G funding at a
$380 billion valuation. The firm reported that the number of customers spending over $100,000 annually on
Claude has grown 7x in the past year, and it now has more than 500 customers spending over $1 million
annually, compared to a dozen just two years ago. Adoption metrics are also rising, fueling a nearly 14x in
revenue run rates for the firm. Similarly, with OpenAI, its revenue run-rate has exceeded $20 billion at the
end of 2025, up more than 3.3x from $6 billion in 2024, and the company just secured $110 billion in funding
to support growth and infrastructure initiatives. OpenAI projects its revenue will top $280 billion by 2030,
implying a five-year CAGR of 69%. While OpenAI’s solutions were previously more consumer-focused, the
company is expanding its enterprise footprint with more tools. Enterprise accounts are about 40% of the
business, but this is projected to climb to 50% over time.
Seat compression is also a risk factor. AI has been a productivity driver for many companies, and
headcount growth has been modest as firms adjust their workforce and processes with Agentic tools and
automation solutions. Although management of software companies have said seat counts remain stable, or
Thematic Research March 3, 2026 6

in some cases increasing, we cannot ignore reports of layoffs announced by large companies (e.g.,
Amazon.com, MSFT, Pinterest, Block) of workforce attrition due to AI, and softening labor market trends in
recent months. If job displacements by AI gathers pace, we could start to hear of seat contractions from
software companies. A mitigating factor would be the hybrid pricing models that software companies are
moving towards where increases in token/credit use from inference tasks could offset seat count pressures.
Investors were looking for top-line acceleration to drive a valuation rebound, but few have been able to
achieve this. Software businesses had a high bar to clear entering the fourth quarter earnings season as
investors were on the lookout for evidence to dispel fears of AI disruption. Despite many companies under
our coverage achieving a “beat and raise” and reporting strong backlog and AI monetization metrics, market
reactions were only positive with sequential top-line acceleration (PLTR, HUBS, DDOG), a feat in itself as
companies face tougher comparisons each quarter and the law of large numbers. Looking ahead, if the
market remains skeptical that software businesses will not get hurt by AI, we think many firms will either
remain range-bound or fall further without exceptional performance to drive a valuation re-rating.
Monetary and fiscal policy is now more uncertain, taking away a near-term catalyst. The software
industry has typically benefited from rate cuts as the reduced cost of capital supports higher appetite for IT
spending. Markets entered 2026 with optimism that with easing inflation and a weaker jobs market, the Fed
would be more inclined to trim rates up to three times in 2026. However, the February FOMC minutes now
paints a different picture, where officials are now split on the trajectory of rate cuts, and not ruling out the
possibility of hikes if needed to lower inflation closer to its 2% target. President Trump’s Fed nominee, Kevin
Warsh, also adds to an element of uncertainty regarding his position on the U.S.’s monetary and fiscal
policies when the current Fed Chair’s term ends in May.
Our technical ratings team has yet to find a bottom. Lowry Research, our technicals-based business, uses
a proprietary Power Rating Relative Strength metric to measure stock demand. For the Software Group,
there have been early indications of returning demand, although not enough to be confident that a bottom
has been formed. Despite the sharp sell-off, there has not been a rush for investors to buy the dip (and
certainly no consistent upward trend yet), and we think this could mean a prolonged period of range-bound
prices or even further selling pressures ahead.
Taken together, we think elevated uncertainty and volatility warrant a more neutral view of software as
valuations may stay range-bound. The sharp downward draft in software share prices reflect the “sell first”
mindset of investors, and until there is a stronger body of evidence to prove that the tools from LLM vendors
will not make all of software obsolete, we think investors could continue to see swings in the market. This
could take a number of quarters to evaluate, as AI monetization is just starting to ramp for most software
companies. Broader market conditions will also influence the demand for software as this interest is likely to
be led by impressive AI-related growth in other technology sectors, like semiconductors. Meanwhile, we
believe news of Anthropic/OpenAI tools and their growing business would likely continue to fuel headline
headwinds.
Accordingly, it is important to be selective in software as we see upside in businesses that could
eventually prove to be AI winners. While there will be unknowns ahead to the extent of disruption from LLM
providers, we believe high quality companies will be able to weather this tough patch and emerge as share
takers. We view single solution and legacy software vendors that are slow to pivot to an AI-first product
strategy to be most at risk of customers choosing to replace them with their LLM-powered DIY applications.
In contrast, highly-rated software providers with deep domain experience, built and delivered from the cloud,
have large installed bases, and multi-product platforms will be most equipped to have a data advantage for
LLM integration, and working partnerships with LLM providers to retain customers and maintain a strong
presence in their enterprise workflows. Software vendors will also need to bring competitive AI tools to
market quickly to capture expansion dollars from their existing customers, while attracting new logos. From
a fundamental standpoint, we also favor profitable names that have expanding FCF margins, and have
Thematic Research March 3, 2026 7

shareholder friendly programs to raise EPS and slow equity dilution. These will be the companies with the
best chance of sustaining revenue growth rates, AI monetization ramps, and EPS acceleration supporting a
faster valuation recovery. Application software companies showing the most promise to weather this “SaaS-
pocalypse” in our view include:
- MSFT is more than an application software company, and it offers the most comprehensive
productivity application suite in the industry with a significant global installed base. It is also a
leading AI solutions provider with numerous avenues to monetize AI adoption, including its Microsoft
365 Copilot suite/AI Agents, as well as embedded AI features on its expanded ecosystem of apps
e.g., Developer and Data platform. Demand for its AI tools has been broad-based, and its loyal
customer base positions the firm to be one of the biggest beneficiaries of AI adoption.
- NOW is successfully translating Generative AI capabilities into tangible revenue growth and
customer adoption. The company's AI monetization strategy is gathering pace, with its Now Assist
AI products demonstrating exceptional uptake, and driving ACV expansion and larger transactions.
Yet, we are still in the early innings of AI penetration, and the firm’s hybrid pricing model is
positioned to capture seat additions and upgrades from access to Now Assist, as well as upside
from Agentic consumption. Crucially, NOW has a broad multi-product platform organized around
four core domains (IT Workflows, Employee Workflows, Customer Workflows and Creator
Workflows), ranging from back-office to front-office roles, and expert domain knowledge, backed by
years of testing and refinement. NOW is also one of the fastest innovators in the industry,
anticipating new AI tool trends, and often launching ahead of peers. We think it’s less likely that
NOW’s customers will leave the efficacy and reliability of the platform to build their own applications
from scratch.
- Another enterprise software stalwart, CRM has demonstrated strong monetization of Agentforce,
its autonomous AI agent platform. The company is capitalizing on the enterprise AI adoption wave,
with Agentforce deals surging, and driving both new customer acquisition and expansion within the
existing base. The velocity and success of its Agentic business has given management confidence
to raise its FY 30 revenue guidance to at least $63 billion, implying organic growth of 10% plus
annually from FY 26 to FY 30, while achieving a high-30% to 40% operating margin FY 30 (vs. 34%
today). The firm has closed over 29,000 Agentforce deals reaching $800 million in ARR, with a
growing pipeline of six- and seven-figure AI transactions, signaling that customers are moving from
AI experimentation to larger-scale deployment. An important point to highlight is that CRM is the
System of Work for over 150,000 customers globally, with over 90% of the Fortune 500 companies
using the platform in a large number of domains, including customer service, marketing, and supply
chain.
- PLTR has emerged as a clear AI winner by successfully translating the Generative AI boom into
exceptional business momentum. The company's Artificial Intelligence Platform (AIP) has driven
explosive demand, particularly in the commercial sector where U.S. revenue grew 94% Y/Y in Q4
2025. Successful transformation of businesses using PLTR’s AI technologies has created a
powerful flywheel effect, as customers expand their engagements with PLTR. The firm also has a
strong working relationship with the U.S. government on multiple fronts, with revenues from its
public sector vertical accelerating Q/Q. PLTR also has an exceptional Rule of 40 score of 127,
demonstrating impressive growth in profitability and FCF generation while maintaining top-line
acceleration.
Thematic Research March 3, 2026 8

Relative Performance
50%
40%
30%
20%
10%
0%
-10%
-20%
-30%
S&P 500 Software (Industry) (^SP500-451030) - Index Value
S&P 500 Information Technology (Sector) (^SP500-45) - Index Value
S&P 500 (^SPX) - Index Value
Source: S&P Global Market Intelligence (3/2/2025 to 3/2/2026).
Implications*
Positive implications: CFRA sees an improvement in company fundamentals, which could include (but are not limited to)
improved pricing, strengthening backlog, market share gains, cost improvements, a more favorable regulatory
environment, or improving demographic trends, over the next 12 months.
Negative implications: CFRA sees a weakening in the company’s fundamentals, which could include (but are not limited
to) weaker pricing, reduced backlog visibility, market share losses, cost inflation, unfavorable regulatory climate, or
demographic headwinds, over the next 12 months.
* The categorization of positive or negative implication may not include every qualitative or quantitative factor that is
used to undertake a full analysis of a company’s financial picture as other factors may need to be analyzed, and is not
intended to be investment advice and should not be interpreted as such. These categorizations represent the current
good-faith views of the authors at the time of publication and these views are subject to change without notice of any
kind.
Contact CFRA
977 Seminole Trail, PMB 230
Charlottesville, VA 22901-2824
USA
P: +1-800-220-0502
cservices@cfraresearch.com
www.cfraresearch.com
Thematic Research March 3, 2026 9

Disclosures
Stocks are ranked in accordance with the following ranking methodologies:
STARS Stock Reports
Qualitative STARS recommendations are determined and assigned by equity analysts. For reports containing STARS recommendations
refer to the Glossary section of the report for detailed methodology and the definition of STARS rankings.
Quantitative Stock Reports
Quantitative recommendations are determined by ranking a universe of common stocks based on 5 measures or model categories:
Valuation, Quality, Growth, Street Sentiment, and Price Momentum. In the U.S., a sixth sub-category for Financial Health will also be
displayed. Percentile scores are used to compare each company to all other companies in the same universe for each model category.
The five (six) model category scores are then weighted and rolled up into a single percentile ranking for that company. For reports
containing quantitative recommendations refer to the Glossary section of the report for detailed methodology and the definition of
Quantitative rankings.
STARS Stock Reports and Quantitative Stock Reports
The methodologies used in STARS Stock Reports and Quantitative Stock Reports (collectively, the "Research Reports") reflect
different criteria, assumptions and analytical methods and may have differing recommendations. The methodologies and data used to
generate the different types of Research Reports are believed by the author and distributor reasonable and appropriate. Generally,
CFRA does not generate reports with different ranking methodologies for the same issuer. However, in the event that different
methodologies or data are used on the analysis of an issuer, the methodologies may lead to different views or recommendations on the
issuer, which may at times result in contradicting assessments of an issuer. CFRA reserves the right to alter, replace or vary models,
methodologies, or assumptions from time to time and without notice to clients.
Analyst Certification
STARS Stock Reports are prepared by the equity research analysts of CFRA and its affiliates and subsidiaries. All of the views
expressed in STARS Stock Reports accurately reflect the research analyst's personal views regarding any and all of the subject
securities or issuers. Analysts generally update stock reports at least four times each year. No part of analyst, CFRA, or its affiliates or
subsidiaries compensation was, is, or will be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views expressed in a
STARS Stock Report.
About CFRA Equity Research's Distributors
This Research Report is published and originally distributed by Accounting Research & Analytics, LLC d/b/a CFRA (“CFRA US”), with
the following exceptions: In the UK/EU/EEA, it is published and originally distributed by CFRA UK Limited (“CFRA UK”), which is
regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority (No. 775151), and in Malaysia by CFRA MY Sdn Bhd (Company No. 683377-A). These
parties and their subsidiaries maintain no responsibility for reports redistributed by third parties such as brokers or financial advisors.
General Disclosure
Notice to all jurisdictions:
Where Research Reports are made available in a language other than English and in the case of inconsistencies between the English
and translated versions of a Research Report, the English version will control and supersede any ambiguities associated with any part
or section of a Research Report that has been issued in a foreign language. Neither CFRA nor its affiliates guarantee the accuracy of
the translation. The content of this report and the opinions expressed herein are those of CFRA based upon publicly-available
information that CFRA believes to be reliable and the opinions are subject to change without notice. This analysis has not been
submitted to, nor received approval from, the United States Securities and Exchange Commission or any other regulatory body. While
CFRA exercised due care in compiling this analysis, CFRA AND ALL RELATED ENTITIES SPECIFICALLY DISCLAIM ALL
WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, to the full extent permitted by law, regarding the accuracy, completeness, or usefulness of this
information and assumes no liability with respect to the consequences of relying on this information for investment or other purposes.
No content (including ratings, credit-related analyses and data, valuations, model, software or other application or output therefrom) or
any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered, reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a
database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission of CFRA. The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. CFRA and any third-party providers, as well as their directors, officers, shareholders, employees, or agents do
not guarantee the accuracy, completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content.
Past performance is not necessarily indicative of future results.
This document may contain forward-looking statements or forecasts; such forecasts are not a reliable indicator of future performance.
This report is not intended to, and does not, constitute an offer or solicitation to buy and sell securities or engage in any investment
activity. This report is for informational purposes only. Recommendations in this report are not made with respect to any particular
investor or type of investor. Securities, financial instruments, or strategies mentioned herein may not be suitable for all investors and this
Thematic Research March 3, 2026 10

material is not intended for any specific investor and does not take into account an investor's particular investment objectives, financial
situations or needs. Before acting on any recommendation in this material, you should consider whether it is suitable for your particular
circumstances and, if necessary, seek professional advice.
CFRA may license certain intellectual property or provide services to, or otherwise have a business relationship with, certain issuers of
securities that are the subject of CFRA research reports, including exchange-traded investments whose investment objective is to
substantially replicate the returns of a proprietary index of CFRA. In cases where CFRA is paid fees that are tied to the amount of
assets invested in a fund or the volume of trading activity in a fund, investment in the fund may result in CFRA receiving compensation in
addition to the subscription fees or other compensation for services rendered by CFRA, however, no part of CFRA’s compensation for
services is tied to any recommendation or rating. Additional information on a subject company may be available upon request.
CFRA's financial data provider is S&P Global Market Intelligence. THIS DOCUMENT CONTAINS COPYRIGHTED AND TRADE SECRET
MATERIAL DISTRIBUTED UNDER LICENSE FROM S&P GLOBAL MARKET INTELLIGENCE. FOR RECIPIENT'S INTERNAL USE ONLY.
The Global Industry Classification Standard (GICS®) was developed by and/or is the exclusive property of MSCI, Inc. and S&P Global
Market Intelligence. GICS is a service mark of MSCI and S&P Global Market Intelligence and has been licensed for use by CFRA.
Other Disclaimers and Notice
Certain information in this report is provided by S&P Global, Inc. and/or its affiliates and subsidiaries (collectively “S&P Global”). Such
information is subject to the following disclaimers and notices: “Copyright © 2026, S&P Global Market Intelligence (and its affiliates as
applicable). All rights reserved. Nothing contained herein is investment advice and a reference to a particular investment or security, a
credit rating or any observation concerning a security or investment provided by S&P Global is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold
such investment or security or make any other investment decisions. This may contain information obtained from third parties, including
ratings from credit ratings agencies. Reproduction and distribution of S&P Global’s information and third party content in any form is
prohibited except with the prior written permission of S&P Global or the related third party, as applicable. Neither S&P Global nor its
third party providers guarantee the accuracy, completeness, timeliness or availability of any information, including ratings, and are not
responsible for any errors or omissions (negligent or otherwise), regardless of the cause, or for the results obtained from the use of
such information or content. S&P GLOBAL AND ITS THIRD PARTY CONTENT PROVIDERS GIVE NO EXPRESS OR IMPLIED
WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR
PURPOSE OR USE AND ALL S&P INFORMATION IS PROVIDED ON AN AS-IS BASIS. S&P GLOBAL AND ITS THIRD PARTY
CONTENT PROVIDERS SHALL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, EXEMPLARY, COMPENSATORY,
PUNITIVE, SPECIAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, COSTS, EXPENSES, LEGAL FEES, OR LOSSES (INCLUDING LOST INCOME
OR PROFITS AND OPPORTUNITY COSTS OR LOSSES CAUSED BY NEGLIGENCE) IN CONNECTION WITH ANY USE OF THEIR
INFORMATION OR CONTENT, INCLUDING RATINGS. Credit ratings are statements of opinions and are not statements of fact or
recommendations to purchase, hold or sell securities. They do not address the suitability of securities or the suitability of securities for
investment purposes, and should not be relied on as investment advice.”
Certain information in this report may be provided by Securities Evaluations, Inc. (“SE”), a wholly owned subsidiary of Intercontinental
Exchange. SE is a registered investment adviser with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). SE’s advisory
services include evaluated pricing and model valuation of fixed income securities, derivative valuations and Odd-Lot Pricing that
consists of bid- and ask-side evaluated prices for U.S. Municipal and U.S. Corporate Securities (together called valuation services). Such
information is subject to the following disclaimers and notices: “No content (including credit-related analyses and data, valuations,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission of
SE. The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or unauthorized purposes. SE and any third-party providers, as well as their
directors, officers, shareholders, employees or agents (collectively SE Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy, completeness, timeliness
or availability of the Content. SE Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions (negligent or otherwise), regardless of the
cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content, or for the security or maintenance of any data input by the user. The
Content is provided on an “as is” basis. SE PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT
NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM
FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS, THAT THE CONTENT’S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT
THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall SE Parties be liable to
any party for any direct, indirect, incidental, exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses,
legal fees, or losses (including, without limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in
connection with any use of the Content even if advised of the possibility of such damages. Credit-related and other analyses and
statements in the Content are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations
to purchase, hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions. SE assumes no obligation to update the Content following
publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the skill, judgment and experience of
the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other business decisions. SE’s opinions and
analyses do not address the suitability of any security. SE does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor. While SE has obtained
information from sources it believes to be reliable, SE does not perform an audit and undertakes no duty of due diligence or
independent verification of any information it receives. Valuations services are opinions and not statements of fact or recommendations
to purchase, hold or sell any security or instrument, or to make any investment decisions. The information provided as part of valuations
Thematic Research March 3, 2026 11

services should not be intended as an offer, promotion or solicitation for the purchase or sale of any security or other financial
instrument nor should it be considered investment advice. Valuations services do not address the suitability of any security or
instrument, and securities, financial instruments or strategies mentioned by SE may not be suitable for all investors. SE does not provide
legal, accounting or tax advice, and clients and potential clients of valuation services should consult with an attorney and/or a tax or
accounting professional regarding any specific legal, tax or accounting provision(s) applicable to their particular situations and in the
countries and jurisdictions where they do business. SE has redistribution relationships that reflect evaluated pricing, derivative valuation
and/or equity pricing services of other unaffiliated firms with which SE has contracted to distribute to its client base.
Pricing and data provided by these third-party firms are the responsibilities of those firms, and not SE, and are produced under those
firms' methodologies, policies and procedures. Valuations services provided by SE and products containing valuations services may not
be available in all countries or jurisdictions. Copyright © 2026 by Intercontinental Exchange Inc. All rights reserved.”
For residents of the European Union/European Economic Area
Research reports are originally distributed by CFRA UK Limited (company number 08456139 registered in England & Wales with its
registered office address at New Derwent House, 69-73 Theobalds Road, London, WC1X 8TA). CFRA UK Limited is regulated by the UK
Financial Conduct Authority (No. 775151).
For residents of Malaysia
Research reports are originally produced and distributed by CFRA MY Sdn Bhd (Company No. 683377-A).
For Residents of Singapore
This Research Report is distributed by CFRA UK Limited to its clients in Singapore who hold a financial advisers licence or is a person
exempt from holding such licence (“SG Intermediary”). Recipients of this Research Report in Singapore should contact the SG
Intermediary in respect to any matters arising from, or in connection with, the analysis in this report. Where the recipient is not an
accredited, expert or institutional investor as defined by the Securities and Futures Act, the SG Intermediary accepts legal responsibility
for the contents of this Research Report in accordance with applicable law. When reports are distributed by SG Intermediaries in
Singapore, the SG Intermediary, and not CFRA, is solely responsible for ensuring that the recipients of the Research Reports
understand the information contained in the Research Reports and that such information is suitable based on the customer's profile and
investment objectives. This Research Report is intended for general circulation and no advice or recommendation is made herein or by
CFRA to any particular person. CFRA does not assume any responsibility to advise on whether any particular product is suitable for any
person, and the analysis herein does not take into account the specific investment objectives, financial situation or particular needs of
any particular person, and should not be relied upon for any investment decision.
For residents of all other countries
Research reports are originally distributed Accounting Research & Analytics, LLC d/b/a CFRA.
Copyright © 2026 CFRA. All rights reserved. CFRA and STARS are registered trademarks of CFRA.
Thematic Research March 3, 2026 12
