Emerging Markets Economics Update | 30th Mar. 2026
Emerging Markets Capital Flows Monitor ( Mar. 202 6)
• Our measure of EM capital flows points to larger outflows from emerging market assets since the start of
the Middle East conflict than during the height of the pandemic . EM external positions are healthy by
recent standards so this may not present immediate balance of payment risks . B ut it does raise the
prospect of significant interest rate hikes should the conflict intensify and outflows continue to build.
• Our proprietary measure of non -residents’ net purchases of EM assets (compiled from countries that
produce timely data) show ed that outflows from EM bonds and equities have surged over the past month
to over US$60bn . (See Chart 1.) On a dollar basis, this exceeds the outflows from the most intense phase
of the pandemic in April 2020 .
• Flows out of EM bond markets have picked up sharply, which is unsurprising given the reassessment of the
inflation outlook in light of the energy price shock. However, this only accounts for a quarter of the
outflows from EM assets. Indeed, outflows from EM equities have been particularly large. (See Chart 2.)
• Equity markets in Asia have seen the largest outflows, which reflects a combination of three factors ; i) their
size, ii) a period of strong inflows in the months prior to the Iran war and iii) Asia’s larger exposure to
disrupted energy flows than other EM regions . Korea has seen a very severe bout of outflow s (see Chart 3),
which has contributed to a 13% slump in the KOSPI since the start of March. That said, Korean equities are
still up by 100% over the past year as it has been a key beneficiary in the AI infrastructure build out.
• Looking ahead, our baseline scenario is that the Iran war continues intensely until the end of April. At that
point, outflows from EMs would probably start to ease. But in a more adverse sce nario, outflows could
intensify further. Encouragingly, our Financial Risk Indicators highlight that EM currency crisis risks are
near historically low levels , and major EMs are well placed to weather tighter external financing
conditions . But sustained outflows and downward pressure on currencies would probably still force some
EM central banks (beyond Turkey) into interest rate hikes. These include the Philippines , Indonesia, Mexico
and several Central European economies .
Chart 1: Non -Residents’ Net Purchases of EM* Bonds and Chart 2: Non-Residents’ Net Purchases of EM* Bonds
Equities ($bn, 1m Rolling Sum) and Equities ($bn, 1m Rolling Sum)
Chart 3: Non -Residents’ Net Purchases of Korean Equities Chart 4: CE EM Currency Risk Indicator
($bn, 1m Rolling Sum) (Latest = Q1 2026)
Sources: LSEG, Capital Economics
Shilan Shah , Deputy Chief EM Economist, shilan.shah @capitaleconomics.com

Emerging Markets Economics Update
Disclaimer : While every effort has been made to ensure that the data quoted and used for the research behind this document is reliable, t here is no guarantee
that it is correct, and Capital Economics Limited and its subsidiaries can accept no liability whatsoever in respect of any errors or omissions. This document is
a piece of economic research and is not intended to constitute investment advice, nor to solicit dealing in securities or inv estments.
Distribution : Subscribers are free to make copies of our publications for their own use, and for the use of members of the subscribing te am at their business
location. No other form of copying or distribution of our publications is permitted without our explicit permi ssion. This includes but is not limited to internal
distribution to non -subscribing employees or teams.
