Bonds | 2nd April 2026
BONDS FOCUS
The retreat from sovereign bond duration
• Supply/demand dynamics in long -dated sovereign debt markets are deteriorating , with demand from
traditional sources waning and supply remaining strong. And now fiscal support in response to the Iran
war may add further strain to public finances. This report outlines how debt managers are likely to
respond to these developments and what it m eans for the yields of long -dated sovereign bonds.
• As we laid out in a Focus last year, there has been a deterioration in the balance between the demand for,
and supply of, long -dated government bonds across major DMs. While d emand from some traditional
sources for these bonds appears to have waned , supply has been strong as governments have continued to
run large fiscal deficits. This imbalance has been a recipe for a relative rise in the yields of these bonds
and increased volatility at the very long end of the yield curve over recent years.
• We expect th ese imbalance s to persist. Indeed, f iscal support to protect households and firms from rising
energy costs from the war in the Middle East could become another supply pressure to add to a long list .
• But one tool government s can use to manage the imbalance s and keep a lid on long -dated government
bond yields is to shorten the duration of their debt issuance. As a result, we suspect government s are likely
to favour shorter-dated bonds to meet their future funding needs . Indeed, having lengthened issuance mixes
during the 2010s , debt managers, in some cases at least, have reversed course over the past couple of years .
• Japan and the UK stand out as two countries that have already started to do this , which is perhaps
unsurprising given both had been more reliant than most on longer -dated debt. If Japan ’s Ministry of
Finance continues to reduce the maturity of its debt issuance , and Japan ’s debt-to-GDP ratio continues to
decline, as we expect it will, the risk of further dislocation in the long-dated JGB market is likely to diminish.
In the UK, the debt-to-GDP picture is less rosy , but the D ebt Management Office is nonetheless making
good progress on reducing the maturity of the UK’s issuance mix.
• The US may also shorten its debt issuance mix, despite it already relying comparatively heavily on short -
term debt. This would help manage the expected deluge of Treasury supply in the co ming years and limit
upward pressure on long -term Treasury yields. Supply pressures may also be amplified if the Fed starts
shrinking its balance sheet again. Even if that doesn’t happen, the Fed appears to want to reduce the
duration of its balance sheet , which is likely to incentivise the issuance of T-bills anyway .
• In the euro-zone, we don’t see too much scope for long -dated Bunds yields to rise further even as Germany’s
debt-to-GDP ratio is set to increase. We think t here is more cause for concern for long-dated French, and
perhaps, Italian government bond yields given the significant future funding needs of these governments.
• All told, further volatility in the yields of long-dated government bonds is likely as governments adapt to
the new demand reality. But, a ll else equal, as they shift debt issuance away from long -term bonds in
favour of short -term ones, downward pressure is likely to be put on long-dated government bond yields
and the slope of yield curves.
Joe Maher, Markets Economist, joe.maher@capitaleconomics.com
Bonds Focus Page 1

Bonds
The retreat from sovereign bond duration
Fiscal support to cushion the impact of rising energy returns of these bonds in recent years . (See Chart 3.)
costs from the Iran War could add to the strains on Japan is the only place where volatility is lower in
public finances across DMs . Meanwhile, demand the post -pandemic period , which may reflect the
for long -dated government bonds is waning. This BoJ’s policy rate being at zero (and expected to
Focus examines how debt managers are likely to remain there) until late 2023 as well as the BoJ’s yield
respond to the deteriorati ng demand/supply curve control programme in the early 2020s .
balances in long -dated government debt markets
Chart 2: 30-Year/10-Year Government Bond Yield
and what it means for the yields of these bonds .
Spreads (bp)
Introduction
As we laid out in a Focus last year, there has been a
deterioration in the balance between the demand
for, and supply of, long-dated government bonds
across major DMs . Demand from traditional sources
for these bonds appears to have waned. Central
banks have stepped back from government bond
markets and demand from pension funds and life
Sources: LSEG Data and Analytics, Capital Economics
insurers, who could often be relied on to hoover up
Chart 3: Annualised Volatility of Monthly Returns of
these bonds , is in long-term decline. Picking up the
Selected Datastream Government Bond Indices (%)
slack has tended to be reserve managers, non -
pension investment funds and banks, who are
typically more sensitive to yields and prefer shorter-
dated bonds. At the same time, bond supply has
been strong as government s have continued to run
large fiscal deficits (with the exception of Japan).
(See Chart 1.)
Chart 1: Fiscal Balances (% of GDP)
Sources: LSEG Data and Analytics, Capital Economics
We expect th is imbalance to persist. The demand
from traditional sources for long -dated government
debt is unlikely to come back anytime soon . At the
same time, supply is also likely to remain strong in
most places. Indeed, f iscal support to cushion the
impact on households and firms from rising energy
costs from the war in the Middle East could become
Sources: IMF, Capital Economics
another supply pressure to add to a long list.
This imbalance has been a recipe for a relative rise
Absent fiscal consolidation, we have argued in the
in the yield s of longer-dated bonds. The spread , for
past that governments will use financial repression
example, between 30 -year and 10 -year government
to keep a lid on bond yields. But perhaps a more
bond yields is much higher now in many economies
conventional tool is for debt managers to shorten
than it was a few years ago . (See Chart 2.) It has also
their debt issuance mixes . Indeed, having
likely played a part in the rise in the volatility in the
lengthened average issuance over the 2010s , debt
Bonds Focus Page 2

Bonds
managers, in some case s, have reversed course over Chart 5: Share of Net Government Bond Issuance
the past year. (See Chart 4.) With 10 Years Or More To Maturity (%)
Chart 4: Weighted Average Maturity of Annual Gross
Debt Issuance ( Years)
Sources: LSEG Data & Analytics , Capital Economics
What does all this mean for long-dated government
Sources: LSEG Data and Analytics, Capital Economics
bond yields? Further volatility in the yields of these
bonds is likely as governments adapt to the new
How large do the adjustments need to be to manage
demand reality. The fragile balance between the
the imbalance s? One simple rule of thumb is to stop
demand/supply of long -dated bonds also raises the
the stock of very long -dated government bonds
risk of spillovers. Dislocation in one country’s bond
(which we can define, for example, as those with
market can often transmit to others, as these bonds
more than ten years to maturity) rising relative to
are close substitutes of one another, but the impact
GDP , if we accept that economic actors are, on
is likely amplified when there are common
average, less willing to hold them than before.
imbalances in long -dated government debt markets .
On this basis, t he UK, U S and Germany stand out as
All else equal, however, as government s shift debt
countries where the adjustment s in issuance mixes
issuance away from long -term bonds in favour of
need to be the largest . (See Chart 5.) That said, the
short-term ones , it is likely to put downward
UK has already made good progress on this front .
pressure on yields of long-dated government bonds
What’s more, Germany could probably weather an
and the slope of yield curves .
increase in the stock of these bonds better than some
other places, as it has a lower debt -to-GDP ratio than US
most others. Japan has faced the most acute
The US has historically relied much less on long -
deterioration in this balance recently, but it has taken
dated debt than other major countries. Reflecting this
steps to mitigate it. G iven it will likely benefit from a
the weighted average maturity (WAM) of its debt is
falling debt-to-GDP ratio, its current issuance plans
lower than that of most other DMs. (See Chart 6.)
point to the volume of its long-dated debt falling as a
share of GDP over the next decade without further Chart 6: Weighted Average Maturity of Outstanding
Government Debt (Years, End -2025)
adjustment in issuance.
Sources: LSEG Data and Analytics, Capital Economics
Bonds Focus Page 3

Bonds
This approach hasn’t changed under the current issuance to not overwhelm the private sector with
administration . Admittedly, prior to taking office, supply and push term premia up further.
Treasury Secretary Scott Bessent attack ed his
Chart 9: Net Issuance of Treasuries & Change in
predecessor Janet Yellen for issuing too many T -bills
Holdings of Treasuries by Fed/Private Sector (Ex. Bills,
and not lengthening the WAM of the US debt . (Fed % of GDP)
Governor Stephen Miran , in a previous role, also
labelled these policies as “activist Treasury issuance”
and “stealth QE” ). However , since Bessent took over,
the WA M of the US debt is little changed on net and
the volume of T-bills as a share of outstanding debt
has remained more than 20%. (See Chart s 7 and 8.)
Chart 7: Weighted Average Maturity of US Treasury
Debt (Years)
Sources: LSEG Data and Analytics, Capital Economics
Persistent fiscal deficits will keep upward pressure
on Treasury supply . After all, t here appears little
willingness across the political spectrum to put the
public finances on a sustainable footing. We forecast
the US’ debt to GDP ratio to rise from ~100% in
2025 to 110% by 2035. With the traditional sources
of demand for long -dated bonds not what they once
Sources: US Treasury , Capital Economics were, a rising supply of these bonds risks upward
Chart 8: Outstanding Volume of Treasury Bills (% of pressure on long -dated Treasury yields.
Outstanding Marketable US Debt)
A partial solution would be for the Treasury to
further skew its issuance mix shorter . We estimate
that the Treasury would have to almost hal ve the net
issuance share of long -dated bonds in the overall
mix, relative to the past decade , to keep the supply
of these bonds constant as a share of GDP . (See Chart
5 again.)
Presumptive incoming Fed Chair Kevin Warsh ’s
Sources: LSEG Data and Analytics, Capital Economics plans to shrink the Fed’s balance sheet would
reinforce the case for a shorter issuance mix. The
This is partly a symptom of the waning demand for
main asset on the Fed’s balance sheet is Treasuries,
long-dated Treasuries. Until recently the Fed had
of which the largest share is those with maturities of
been reducing its holdings of Treasuries . This
more than 10 years. (See Chart 10.) Depending on
increased the burden of supply to be absorbed by the
the pace of balance sheet reduction, it would
private sector, at a time when demand from financial
presumably involve the Fed allowing long -dated
institutions that had historically acted as stable
Treasuries to roll off their books as they mature
sources of demand for long-dated debt has waned.
and/or outright selling them. Either way, the Treasury
This has coincided with an increase in estimate s of
would likely respond by issuing fewer long -dated
the term premium component of the 10 -year
bonds to offset the extra supply from the Fed.
government bond. (See Chart 9.) As a result , the
Treasury has likely kept a lid on long -dated debt
Bonds Focus Page 4

Bonds
Chart 10: Federal Reserve Outright Holdings of alternative. (Stablecoins are fully asset -backed , while
Treasuries By Maturity Bucket (% Of Total Holdings ) banks allocate only part of their balance sheets to T -
bills/Treasuries). That said , Treasury Secretary
Bessent’s recent suggestion that stablecoins could
generate up to $2trn of demand for federal debt looks
optimistic. (See here.)
So far, there are no signs of the Treasury shortening
its issuance mix further . The most recent Quarterly
Refunding Announcement noted that proportional
net issuance of long -dated Treasuries over the next
Sources: Federal Reserve , Capital Economics
year will remain similar to the past decade. That said,
That said, Warsh’s plans may prove difficult to despite the already low WAM of the US debt by
implement in practice . They would require the global standards , there is nonetheless scope for it to
backing of a majority of the Fed Board of Governors , shorten its issuance mix (assuming it is willing to
and it is not clear Warsh will be able to persuade the tolerate higher refinancing risk) without departing
other policymakers . It is also unclear how shrinking too far from historical norms, should market pricing
the balance sheet would square with the lower encourage such a move. After all, t he volume of T-
Treasury yields that Warsh (and the President) bills as a share of the overall debt stock is in line with
appears to want. its average since 1980, and the WAM of the US debt
is well above where it was 15 years ago , for example .
Nevertheless, the Fed is still adjusting its balance
(See Charts 7 and 8 again.)
sheet in ways that argue for a shorter -dated issuance
mix. After all , it is reinvesting the proceeds from its Japan
maturing mortgage -backed securities into T -bills.
Our sense is that the supply/demand imbalance of
Since September of last year it has also started to
long-dated government debt has been the most
increase the size of its balance sheet again, by buying
acute in Japan. Investors seem to agree: the 30 -
~$40bn a month of T -bills as part of its “reserve
year/10-year government bond yield spread is larger
management purchases ”. Admittedly, t hese
in Japan than in other major DMs. (See Chart 2
purchases are set to be sizeably pared back after the
again.) The Bank of Japan still owns a much larger
April tax deadline . But the Fed still appears to want
share of its domestic bond market than most other
to reduce the duration of its balance sheet to better
major central banks do of theirs. But it is slowly
match the overall Treasury market, which points to a
shrinking its footprint, and the BoJ’s ownership share
shifting of the balance sheet’s composition towards
at the long end of the JGB market is the smallest in
T-bills over time. (The WAM of the Fed’s holdings is
more than a decade. (See Chart 11.)
~8.5 years, versus ~5.3 years for outstanding
Treasuries excluding the Fed’s holdings .) Chart 11: Bank of Japan Holdings of JGBs By Residual
Maturity (% of Outstanding)
A further incentive to shorten the issuance mix is
the growth of Stablecoins . Issuers of do llar-backed
stablecoins purchased $33 bn of US T -bills in 2025,
according to a recent BIS report , bringing their
estimated holdings to ~$150bn and making them
one of the largest holders of T -bills. And i f
stablecoins displace bank balance sheets in
facilitating transactions, their growth probably
increases demand for T -bills relative to the
Sources: LSEG Data and Analytics, Capital Economics
Bonds Focus Page 5

Bonds
As a result, the onus on the private sector to absorb imbalance over the past year . For one, the MoF
JGBs has increased. (See Chart 12.) However , as in announced in December , following an earlier shift in
other DMs, this demand has not been filled by buyers strategy in May, that the share of long-dated JGBs in
who are more price -insensitive like pension fund s or overall JGB issuance (excluding short -term bills) in
life insurers . Over the past year , foreign investors FY 2026 will be the lowest since FY 2007 . (See Chart
have picked up most of the slack . (See here.) 14.) The BoJ has also retained the amount of long-
dated JGBs it purchases, even as it has cut its overall
Chart 12: Net Issuance of JGBs & Change in
purchases. There are further steps the authorities
BoJ/Private Sector JGB Holdings (% of GDP)
could tak e such as allocating a larger share of public
pension funds to domestic bonds . An improvement
in the demand/supply balance may explain some of
the fall in the 30 -year/10-year JGB yield spread in
recent months. (See Chart 2 again.)
Chart 14: Planned Issuance Of Long-Dated JGBs With
More Than 10-Years Maturity By Fiscal Year
Sources: LSEG Data and Analytics, Capital Economics
On the supply side , the Ministry of Finance (MoF)
had been skewing issuance towards the very long
end for much of the past decade . (See Chart 13.) As
a result, the WAM of the stock of Japan’s outstanding
debt rose from 7 years in 2010 to ~10 years in 2025.
Chart 13: Change in Share of JGBs Outstanding By Sources: LSEG Data and Analytics , Capital Economics
Residual Maturity (%, Since End -2016)
Meanwhile, we think Japan’s long -term fiscal
health is improving . Concerns about the country’s
fiscal position, which have intensified in some
quarters after the election of Sanae Taka ichi are, in
our view, overblown . Indeed, t he government likely
only ran a small deficit last year. The return of
inflation will also continue to be a boon for the
public finances : tax revenues are now rising faster
than government spending, helping to narrow the
Sources: LSEG Data and Analytics, Capital Economics
budget deficit. We forecast Japan’s gross debt as a
This has likely contributed to recent volatility in the share of GDP to fall from 215% in 2025 to less than
yields of these bonds . For example, a flaring up in 175% over the next decade .
investors’ fiscal concerns following Takaichi ’s
Based on these forecasts, the MoF would have to
election win may have triggered the spike in long-
increase the share of long -dated government bonds
dated JGB yields in January , but it was likely
in the overall mix to keep their ratio constant as a
amplified by the delicate supply/demand balance in
share of GDP over the next decade, not reduc e it as
the JGB market.
it is doing now . (See Chart 5 again.) As a result, the
That said, w e think the risk of further dislocation in MoF’s current plans point to a fall in the size of the
the long-dated JGB market has diminished. The long-dated JGB market relative to GDP. This is
Japanese authorities have begun to address the sensible given that the already large pool of long -
Bonds Focus Page 6

Bonds
dated JGBs means maintaining their share of GDP
Chart 17: Gross Government Debt (% of GDP)
may not alleviate the imbalance. (See Chart 1 5.)
Chart 15: Stock of Government Debt With 10 -yrs or
More Until Maturity (% of GDP, End -2025)
Sources: LSEG Data and Analytics, Capital Economics
In France, political dysfunction makes an
improvement in the fiscal outlook unlikely in our
Sources: LSEG Data and Analytics, Capital Economics
view. We expect its debt to stay at ~110% of G DP .
Euro-zone But this rests on the assumption that its budget deficit
falls to 3% of GDP in the 2030s , which, given a win
Budget deficits in parts of the euro -zone look set to
for Rassemblement National in the 2027 election
remain large over the next decade . Perhaps m ost
looks like ly, may prove too optimistic . On the face
notably, Germany has finally loosened its fiscal
of it, t he picture isn’t so bleak in Italy . Meloni’s
guardrails , which has coincided with long -dated
government has managed to tighten fiscal policy and
government bond yields in Germany rising more
is on track to win the election next year. The
than those elsewhere in the G7 other than Japan. (See
convergence of French and Italian 30 -year sovereign
Chart 16.) It’s on track for record debt issuance of
bond yields may reflect the contrasting fortunes of
over 500bn euros in 2026, up from 425bn in 2025.
the two governments in grappling with the ir public
And, o ver t he next decade, w e expect its debt to
finances. (See Chart 18.)
GDP ratio to rise from ~60% now to over 70%. (See
Chart 17.) Chart 1 8: 30-Year Government Bond Yields (%)
Chart 16: G7 Government Bond Yields
(bp Change Since End -2024)
Sources: LSEG Data and Analytics, Capital Economics
Even so, w e suspect Italy’s debt-to-GDP ratio is likely
Sources: LSEG Data and Analytics, Capital Economics
to remain elevated at ~135% over the next decade.
Such are the pressures on supply we estimate that the
gross financing requirements , a proxy for gross bond
issuance, in Italy and France will average over 20%
of GDP out to 2035 . (See Chart 1 9 and our euro-zone
debt sustainability monitor .)
Bonds Focus Page 7

Bonds
Chart 1 9: Average Annual Gross Financing Needs, example, the ECB ’s holdings of these bonds are set
2025 to 2035 (% of GDP) to shrink by €400bn in 2026.
Despite all this, there has yet to be major changes in
issuance mixes . Admittedly, Germany has slightly
reduced the share of 15 - to 30 -year bonds in its
issuance mix for 2026. (See Chart 21.) Netherlands
has also lowered the target for the WAM of its debt
from 8 to 7.5 years. But, overall, the “core” countries’
issuance mixes for 2026 are in line with recent years.
Sources: LSEG Data and Analytics, Capital Economics Chart 21: Planned Gross Issuance of Bunds & Bills
(ex. Green Bonds Issuance)
As the “core” members of the eurozone face record
funding needs, they must also contend with the
waning demand from one of the largest holders of
European government debt. While t he Netherlands
accounts for ~7% of the euro-zone’s economy, the
assets of its pension system were around $1.7tn in
2024 , more than half of all pension fund assets in the
bloc. (See Chart 20.) And i ts holdings of European
government debt totalled ~€300 billion in Q3 2025 .
Sources: Deutsche Finanzagentur , Capital Economics
Chart 20: Pension Funds’ Assets ( Trillions USD , 2024) That said, w e don’t think there’s too much scope for
very long -dated Bund yields to rise further.
Admittedly, if Germany wants to keep the volume of
long-dated bonds constant as a share of GDP, we
estimate that it may have to reduce the share of these
bonds in its overall net issuance mix to 10% over the
next decade . (See Chart 5 again.) But the volume of
long-dated bonds as a share of GDP would only be
rising from a low base . (See Chart 1 5 again.) While
the so -called Bund “scarcity premium” may have
Sources: OECD, LSEG Data and Analytics, Capital Economics
disappeared (German swap spreads , for example,
However, i t is in the middle of transforming from a
have been negative since 2024 ), Germany’s
defined benefit model to a defined contribution
favourable starting position gives it more space to
system, which is involving an unwinding of their
increase its issuance without placing substantially
long-dated bond holdings . The Dutch central bank
more upward pressure on yields.
forecasts that these reforms will lead to Dutch
There is more scope for yields to rise in France and
pension schemes reducing their holdings of
Italy. Our estimates suggest that both countries
European government bonds with maturities over 25
would have to increase the net issuance share of
years by €100bn -150bn over the course of the
long-dated debt to keep the size of th ese markets
transition (it is set to last until 2027), a large chunk of
constant as a share of GDP , but the perilous state of
the €900bn worth of such bonds outstanding.
their public finances and significant funding needs
Against this backdrop , ongoing QT by the ECB will
over the next decade may result in higher bond
expand the stock of European government bonds
yields in both places.
available for purchase by the private sector . For
Bonds Focus Page 8

Bonds
The fiscal outlook is generally better in the other The Debt Management Office (DMO) is responding
“peripheral” countries. Government debt ratios in by scaling back its sales of long -dated and inflatio n-
many of these countries have declined rapidly over linked bond s and issuing more Gilts of maturities
the past five years due to impressive economic between 5 and 15 years . (See Charts 23 and 24). In
growth rates and, in some cases , budget surpluses. FY202 7, the DMO plans to issue the smallest
We expect public debt ratios to keep falling in amount of bonds of more than 15 -years maturity
Greece, Portugal and Spain over the next decade . since FY2008. And, w hereas long-dated Gilts made
(See Chart 17 again.) As a result, we don’t see much up 40% of debt issuance in FY20 08, they will only
scope for long-dated government bond yields in account for ~10% in FY2027. (See Chart 24 again.)
these countries to rise .
Chart 23: Gilt Issuance By Maturity (% of Total Gross
UK Annual Issuance, ex. T -Bills)
The UK has relied more than most DMs on long -
dated debt issuance in recent decades. The WAM of
the UK’s outstanding debt is ~14 years, well above
that of other major DMs. (See Chart 6 again.)
This reflect ed, in part, strong demand from the UK’s
defined-benefit pension sector for long -dated (and
inflation-linked) assets that match their long -term
real liabilities. However, as many of these schemes
Sources: DMO , Capital Economics
mature and gradually transition toward defined -
Chart 24: Planned Issuance Of Long-dated Gilts &
contribution structures, this demand is softening. Inflation-Linked Gilts By Fiscal Year
The supply/demand imbalance for long -dated Gilts
has been compounded by the Bank of England’s QT
programme. Unlike other central banks, the Bank of
England has actively sold Gilts rather than just not
replacing maturing ones on its balance sheet. This
has increased the burden of private sector Gilt
absorption, at a time when demand from those
financial institutions the DMO could rely on to
hoover up long-dated Gilts is waning . (See Chart 22.) Sources: DMO , Capital Economics
(See here for more.)
What’s more, a consultation by the DMO launched
Chart 22: Net Gilt Issuance & Change in Private this year suggests T-bills may soon play a bigger role
Sector Gilt Holdings (% of GDP)
in financing deficit s. Bills currently makes up only
4% of the UK’s outstanding debt, less than in other
major DMs, particularly the US. (See Chart 25.)
Sources: OBR , LSEG Data and Analytics, Capital Economics
Bonds Focus Page 9

Bonds
Chart 25: Outstanding Debt With <1 year Until The fragile balance between the demand/supply of
Maturity (% of Total Outstanding Debt , End 2025 ) long-dated bonds also raises the risk of spillovers.
Dislocation in one country’s bond market can often
transmit to others, as these bonds are close
substitutes of one another, but the impact is likely
amplified when there are these common imbalances
in long -dated government debt markets .
We expect these imbalances to persist. And the
ongoing war in Iran may only make them worse if
governments respond with fiscal support. To
Sources: LSEG Data and Analytics, Capital Economics
mitigate these imbalances , debt managers across the
major DMs are likely to resort to shortening gradually
The UK’s public finances may be in a poor state, but
their issuance m ixes, if they haven’t already. More
they are in a better spot than in parts of the euro-
volatility in long -dated sovereign bond yields is
zone and the US. Unlike in those places, w e forecast
likely as governments adapt to the new demand
debt to GDP to fall a touch , from 94.2% to 93.2%
reality. But all else equal, this is likely to put
over the next decade. Even so, based on our baseline
downward pressure on the yields of long -dated
debt to GDP forecast, the UK will have to make a
government bonds and the slope of yield curves .
large adjustment to its net issuance mix to keep the
volume of long -dated bonds constant as a share of The UK and Japan stand out as two countries that
GDP over the next decade . (See Chart 5 again.) And, have already drastically shortened their issuance
given the already large outstanding pool of these mixes. We think Japan is also likely to benefit from a
bonds, like in Japan (see Chart 13 again) , a more declining debt -to-GDP ratio . And so, w hile we can’t
pronounced shortening of the issuance profile than rule out a further steady rise in long-dated JGB yields
this may be required to address fully the imbalance . as the economy reflates, the risk of further dislocation
in the long-dated JGB market is likely to diminish .
What’s more , there is a good chance that fiscal
The US Treasury already relies comparatively
policy ends up looser than we expect given the risk
heavily on shorter -dated debt issuance but may
of a leftward lurch within the Labour Party , should
shorten its issuance mix further to accommodate the
Keir Starmer be ousted as PM. A win by one of t he
expected deluge of Treasury supply in the coming
populist parties , Reform or the Greens in the general
years and prevent long -dated Treasury yields from
election slated for 2029 would also likely have the
rising. Supply pressure s could be amplified if the Fed
same result b ased on what we know so far about
shrinks its balance sheet . In the euro -zone, we don’t
their policy programmes .
see much scope for long -dated Bunds to rise even as
its debt to GDP ratio increases, but we think there
Nevertheless , the sharp shift in the issuance mix over
are good reasons to be concerned about long -dated
the past year suggests the UK is nonetheless heading
French and Italian government bonds.
in the right direction to manage the supply/demand
imbalance at the long end of the Gilt curve. There are other tools available to governments,
including financial repression . And, of course, they
Conclusion
could take action to reduce their budget deficits. For
A deterioration in the balance between the demand
the most part, though, it seems as like that will prove
for, and supply of, long-dated government bond has
a last resort and is unlikely to happen to a great
been a recipe for a relative rise in the yield of these
degree without yields rising somewhat further first .
bonds and greater volatility in recent years .
Bonds Focus Page 10

Bonds
Disclaimer: While every effort has been made to ensure that the data quoted and used for the research behind this document is reliable, t here is no guarantee
that it is correct, and Capital Economics Limited and its subsidiaries can accept no liability whatsoever in respect of any errors or omissions. This document is
a piece of economic research and is not intended to constitute investment advice, nor to solicit dealing in securities or inv estments.
Distribution: Subscribers are free to make copies of our publications for their own use, and for the use of members of the subscribing team at their business
location. No other form of copying or distribution of our publications is permitted without our explicit permis sion. This includes but is not limited to internal
distribution to non -subscribing employees or teams.
Email sales@capitaleconomics.com Visit www.capitaleconomics.com
