Thematic Research
Thematic industry research based on proprietary analytics from CFRA
Kenneth Leon
cservices@cfraresearch.com
Private Credit: Negative Sentiment, What’s Next?
Key Takeaways
- Private credit has gained a broad base of investors tied to Positive (+) or Negative (-) Implications
pension, insurance, sovereign, and wealth.
(-) Apollo Global Management Inc. (APO)
- Market size for private credit is about $2.5-$3.0 trillion as
of February 25 and is expected to grow to over $4.0 trillion (-) Ares Management Corporation (ARES)
in the next five years.
(-) Blackstone Inc. (BX)
- The market is under increased scrutiny due to significant
disparities between public and private funds concerning (-) Blue Owl Capital Inc. (OWL)
liquidity, redemption rights, and net asset value (-) Brookfield Asset Management Ltd. (BAM)
perspectives.
(-) KKR & Co. Inc. (KKR)
- To better align private credit with all types of investors,
including wealth, we think there needs to be better education, transparency, and disclosures.
- The leading firms with private credit concentration are APO, ARES, and OWL, while more diversified
firms like BAM, BX, and KKR have significant private credit exposure. We see a buying opportunity
on these stocks despite negative sentiment in the public equity market on private credit funds.
Fundamental Context
We think 2026 will test the private credit market. Some investors are skeptical as to whether this asset
class faces its first credit cycle. There has been greater attention from the media on a wide range of issues
and risks with investing in private credit, especially for individual investors. We have seen the alternative
assets management (ALT) firms reap the benefits of this asset class with explosive growth, but increased
complexity and elevated systemic importance to lending. We believe it is premature to categorize these
issues as late-cycle behavior, especially considering the significant attention given to high-profile
bankruptcies in late 2025, which contributed to looser lending standards and compressed spreads that
negatively impacted private credit investment returns.
Public investors have become skeptical about the private credit model for ALT firms. There is growing
concern about direct investment in private credit funds and their contribution to the ALT enterprise. Limited
regulatory guardrails, expanding retail participation, and opaque pricing in illiquid markets have caused
transparency concerns. Recent concerns are arising that capital raised is exceeding quality deal flow, with
some ALT managers unwisely expanding risk appetite, in our opinion.
Many of the ALT share prices have come down significantly in the last 12 months (LTM). As of February
24, the most concentrated players have sold off, with ARES down 31% and OWL down 51% in LTM, while
more-diversified ALT firms were less affected, with APO down 23%, BX down 26%, BAM down 17%, and
KKR down 27%. The dispersion among this group has something to do with enterprise size and
diversification. The largest ALT firms have significant scale in other asset classes such as private equity, real
estate, capital markets, insurance, and wealth management. Share price weakness for OWL and others can
be tied to how their individual private credit funds have performed or their risk exposure. We will address
some of these pressure points that have come up in their private funds often through the investment vehicle
called business development companies (BDC), where public investors can see a more granular level of
private credit activity.
Thematic Research February 26, 2026 1

Table 1: Global Private Credit Market Size ($ Billions)
Distressed Total AUM
Year Direct Lending Mezzanine Other
Debt (Estimated)
2000 10 10 10 10 40
2005 80 40 30 50 200
2010 120 60 50 100 330
2015 250 90 70 150 560
2020 600 150 100 250 1,100
2021 750 170 120 300 1,340
2022 900 190 140 350 1,580
2023 1,100 210 160 400 1,870
2024 1,300 230 180 450 2,160
2025 (Est.) 1,500 250 200 500 2,450
Source: CFRA.
Private credit is no longer a niche market, but a formidable market outside of the traditional banking
system. There are some industry sources that have the private credit market as high as $3.0 billion. Our ALT
firms transact directly with borrowers to negotiate credit terms and originate privately held loans that do not
trade in the public markets. We think ALT firms as private lenders have become the preferred lending
partners given their level of sophistication in structuring private credit, flexibility, available capital to lend, and
certainty of execution. Corporate borrowers have been willing to pay a premium for execution, agility, and
customization that private credit lenders can offer, in our opinion. Corporate direct lending is the dominant
segment of the private credit market, accounting for over 60% of current investments. Besides mezzanine
and distressed debt, other areas that cover asset-backed lending, infrastructure debt and real estate debt
are increasingly relevant and account for most of the remaining 20% of the market.
Figure 1: How Private Credit Managers Plan to Develop Their Origination Channels
Peer-to-peer platforms 7.0%
In-house advisory 17.0%
High net worth individuals 28.0%
Banks/credit institution 28.0%
Private equity firms 47.0%
Other industry relationships 48.0%
Direct relationship with a borrower 80.0%
0.0% 20.0% 40.0% 60.0% 80.0% 100.0%
Source: CFRA, Alternative Credit Council.
Thematic Research February 26, 2026 2

Private credit has been mostly a U.S. phenomenon to date. While there is currently U.S. investor
skepticism on private credit, ALT firms are actively pursuing the rest of the world. On their recent earnings
calls, some of the leading firms such as ARES and KKR mentioned opportunities for fundraising in Asia and
the Middle East for private credit. The opportunity is issuance of new private credit funds dedicated to
investing in these regions. As of December 31, 2025, the U.S. represents 65% to 70% of total global gross
assets under management (AUM) in private credit.
We could view the U.S. market as mature, as it works through the investment cycle of closing older private
credit funds and issuing new funds. The next largest market is Europe, representing up to 25% of the total
global private credit market, combining the gross AUM of U.K., France, Germany and the rest of the region.
We find China to be a potential opportunity where we have seen record activity in public equity IPOs either
through Hong Kong or mainland China exchanges. Private credit may be more problematic in China given
worries about governance and regulation that are different than other developed countries.
Figure 2: Private Credit 2025 Gross Assets Under Management ($ Billions)
30
55 12
148
158
210
315
2,227
USA UK France Germany Australia China Canada Japan
Source: CFRA, Alternative Credit Council. Estimated data as of December 31, 2025.
Figure 3: Private Credit Average Transaction Size ($ Billions)
100%
2.2%
4.7%
95%
11.2%
14.1% 13.2% 13.3%
90%
97.8%
85% 95.3%
88.8%
80% 85.9% 86.8% 86.7%
75%
2020 2021 2022 2023 2024 2025
Transactions less than $1 billion Transactions greater than $1 billion
Source: CFRA, Alternative Credit Council. Data as of December 31, 2025.
Thematic Research February 26, 2026 3

Private credit average transaction size is getting larger. Whether this creates a higher credit loan risk
exposure remains to be seen. We believe large private credit deals represent more concentrated exposure if
at the wrong time of the credit cycle. There is no question that the size, complexity, and current market
conditions create multiple areas for potential failure. We think any mega private loans in the fund present
concentration risk in which a single loan of over $1 billion would be greater than 5% of the private credit fund,
creating the risk of loan defaults. ALT firms are steadfast that loan loss exposure is in a normalized range of
delinquent or potential default loans. Large transaction deals mostly originated in the 2023-2025 period at
peak valuations or measures of EBTIDA multiples. Typical loan maturities are five to seven years, with a
refinancing window from 2028 to 2030.
Private credit pivots to investment grade credit issuance, which was $200 billion in 2025. APO
management stated that private credit that started with small-to-midsize direct loans in the $100 million to
$250 million range have moved to loans in the $500 million to $1 billion range. The key pivot is lending to
investment grade credit borrowers, a $4 trillion market that is much larger than the non-investment grade or
high yield market. Private credit may also be first lien loans or second lien loans that are secured by
collateral of the borrower. There may also be asset-based loans (ABL) secured by working capital assets
(e.g., inventory, receivables), which are more likely smaller loans. Our worries are megadeals in private credit
to finance market leaders in software and technology or that have the most to lose from AI commoditization.
This brings us back to credit risk for larger average transaction size.
We think private credit transaction size could be disproportionately risky. Megadeals greater than $1
billion carry several risks: concentration risk, where a single loan can impair an entire fund; complexity risk,
as more sophisticated borrowers are harder to restructure; sector exposure risk, with larger deals
concentrated in software vulnerable to AI disruption; valuation pressure, making it harder to mark down
bigger potential losses; refinancing risk if there is less access to a 2027-2028 market downturn; and
systemic risk, where larger defaults could trigger contagion and federal intervention.
Figure 4: 2026 Outlook for Non-U.S. Private Credit Markets and Non-U.S. ALT Firms
Opportunities:
- European growth is expected to outpace U.S. on a percentage basis in 2026
- Asia expansion as regional capital markets are likely to develop faster
- Niche specialization (e.g., sector, geography) vs. competing on scale
- Local regulatory advantages (e.g., ELTIF, AIFMD familiarity)
Challenges:
- Capital disadvantage – U.S. firms raising 5x-10x more
- U.S. expansion into Europe – Ares, Apollo, and Blackstone building European teams
- Talent wars – U.S. firms poaching European talent
- Technology/data – U.S. firms investing more in origination platforms
Source: CFRA.
In the private credit market, U.S. firms continue to dominate, because they have a capital advantage,
raising 5x to 10x compared to non-U.S. firms. The U.S.-based ALT firms have advantages in capital,
distribution, and brand, with deal sizes of $100 million to $1+ billion, but face intense competition.
Non-U.S. private credit firms exist and are growing. European firms like ICG plc (ICG GBP17 NR), Partners
Group Holding AG (PGHN SW CHF852 **), and CVC Capital Partners plc (CVC EUR12 NR) are significant
regional players, but none approach the scale of top five U.S. managers. The non-U.S. firms are in smaller
private credit country markets in Europe that have advantages of local relationships, regulatory knowledge,
and less-crowded, relationship-driven markets.
Thematic Research February 26, 2026 4

Brookfield is the exception, as a Canadian firm that has achieved top three global status through
aggressive M&A (Oaktree) and leveraging its broader $1+ trillion alternatives platform. Its recent NYC
headquarters move by BAM signals where the center of gravity lies for ALT including private credit.
We think the best opportunities for non-U.S. firms are in regional specialization, local relationships, and
sectors, where scale is not the primary competitive advantage, essentially playing a different game than the
U.S. mega-managers.
Figure 5: What Worries Public Investors About Private Credit?
Non-Investment Grade Credit Risk: AI Disruptor to Technology Sector:
Most ALT firms started private credit in high yield lower Private credit is a significant lender to software
grade private credit, but large firms like APO have companies and digital infrastrucure. AI demand could
pivoted to investment grade private credit, which is disrupt data center buildout to oversupply risk and
much larger, with an estimated $4 trillion market. We tenant renewal leases. Software firms may face sharp
believe underwriting discipline and borrower control market repricing of valuation from Anthropic's unveiled
matter and affect investment returns and credit risk coding agents. Private credit activity in software is quite
exposure. large in last decade.
Market Price Volatility: Policy & Regulatory Risk:
BDCs are showing some weakness in lower grade Level of opacity in private credit makes its challenging
private credit where workouts are needed. Deployment for regulators to assess buildup of risks. A concern is
pressure from retail capital inflows and redemption interconnection with banks, insurers, and private credit
requests is pushing marginal credit in the market at the funds leading to contagion. Insurance companies are
wrong time in the investment cycle. We think private major private credit investors seeking yield to match
credit is a relationship and execution business. liabilities. Uncertain valuations could raise risk.
Source: CFRA.
Each of these worries featured in Figure 5 can use a deep dive of analysis. We plan to publish
subsequent, more-detailed thematic reports on each of these subjects. For now, there is a large dislocation
gap between private funds versus public pricing tied to private credit funds and what pressure points may
accelerate further sell off. Private credit loans to software companies in the last decade face uncertainties
with AI disruptors, while AI investment in data centers or related infrastructure shows outsized private credit
funding with potential risks to the AI model of borrowers or refinancing risks longer term.
We think there is not a direct parallel to the financial crisis in 2007. However, we see signs of worry. OWL
froze withdrawals permanently, citing portfolio stress in certain funds, Treasury Secretary Bessent raised
public concerns about private credit activity, and the public market are trying to assess whether any gating
of redemptions by private credit funds is isolated or signals a systemic problem.
Where is U.S. policy and regulation? In our view, the Federal Reserve and regulators are more aware of the
potential risks to private credit, but the markets and the firms are less regulated than banks. Private credit is
more opaque and less regulated than 2077 subprime. There is no supervisory role by the Fed.
We could see more redemption requests, where allowed, for select private credit funds. There is a gating
mechanism that limits how much redemption is required each quarter. The ALT firms with private credit
funds specialized for technology or software companies present higher risk to limited partners or private
investors.
Thematic Research February 26, 2026 5

Figure 6: What Investors Are Pricing in Public or Private Markets?
Base Case Scenario (Market Consensus Forming)
- Multiple private credit funds gate limit redemption size in the next two to three quarters
- The secondary sponsor market takes on more resale activity, heavily discounting net asset values
(NAV) compared to limited partners’ original cost basis
- Mark to market comes down 10% to 15% on many private credit funds, varying in scope
- Default rates spike to 4%-6% versus historical 1.5%-2% range, fee pressure from limited partners,
regulatory intervention, or Fed supervision, and earnings headwinds ahead
Bear Case Scenario (Tail Risk to Something Damaging or Systemic)
- Cascading or triggering redemption gates one after another on private credit funds
- Asset fire sales of illiquid assets, although most private credit funds do not have high or unlimited
redemption rights in a short period of time
- Bank credit line pullback creates a funding crisis at the ALT firm or private credit fund level
- Insurance company capital impairment hurts sponsors
- Systemic repricing of the $2 trillion private credit market across different products or fund types
occurs.
- ALT firm public stocks have sustained downside to 30% to 50% correction
Bull Case Scenario (Contrarian View in Public Equity Market)
- OWL or private ALT firms are isolated to specific funds or private credit strategy
- Industry takes corrective medicine now and emerges stronger
- Flight to quality benefits the largest and best global ALT firms as smaller firms fail
- Distressed restructuring opportunities create new revenue streams
- Overreaction by public equity market that leads to an enhanced buying opportunity on ALT
equities. This is our investment view today.
Source: CFRA.
Table 2: ALT Firms’ Assets Under Management by Business Segments ($ Billions)
Secondaries/
Total Real Assets/ Private Private
Company Ticker Insurance Hedge
AUM Real Estate Credit Equity
Funds/Other
Apollo Global Mgmt. APO 938 n/a 749 (a) 189 n/a
Ares Mgmt. ARES 622 139 407 n/a 25 51
Brookfield Asset Mgmt. BAM 1,181 663 363 (b) 155 n/a
Blackstone BX 1,270 319 443 (c) 416 92
Blue Owl OWL 307 81 157 n/a 69 n/a
KKR & Co. KKR 744 192 276 (d) 229 47
Source: CFRA, company reports. AUM data as of December 31, 2025.
(a) APO insurance reported in Retirement Services, with $292 billion net invested assets.
(b) Brookfield Asset Management also reports Brookfield Wealth Solutions of $108 billion in fee-bearing capital, no AUM disclosure.
(c) Blackstone reports private credit and insurance together.
(d) KKR Insurance segment reported as separate operating business that references Global Atlantic subsidiary, with $219 billion AUM.
Thematic Research February 26, 2026 6

APO has the highest concentration in private credit, representing 80% of total AUM, followed by ARES
(65%), OWL (51%), KKR (37%), BX (35%), and BAM (31%). We observed that there is no standard definition
for each investment segment. There is a level of complexity as to how certain firms classify private credit
with other activities. For example, KKR’s $219 billion AUM includes $164 billion in private credit and $58
billion in sponsored reinsurance vehicles. This exercise highlights that the ALT firms can be viewed as
idiosyncratic to what they disclose without standard reporting. We believe it is confusing when attempting to
perform ALT peer analysis.
Many in the ALT industry seek to have better alignment between private credit funds and investors.
Most of these firms are trying to gain broader penetration of the wealth management market. We believe the
fiduciary role to investor risk is paramount to wealth management clients that may or may not be as
sophisticated as the institutions that have invested in private credit. Many industry observers recommend the
ALT industry should have a higher level of transparency and reporting, better ways to disclose market data,
enhanced communications, right structure of fees, and equitable ways to exercise redemptions.
Table 3: Alternative Asset Managers – Stock Valuations Are Historically Low
Price
P/E
Market Performance
STARS Share
Company Ticker Cap Five-
Rating Price* Year- Last 12 Next 12
($ Billions) Year
to-Date Months Months
Average
Apollo Global APO 4 114 66.2 -21.2% -22.8% 12.0x 17.3x
Ares ARES 4 117 38.4 -27.5 -30.6 18.3 31.6
Brookfield Asset BAM 4 48 78.2 -8.1 -17.3 26.7 33.0
Blackstone BX 5 116 143 -24.5 -25.9 17.3 28.5
Blue Owl OWL 4 11 16.8 -28.8 -50.7 10.7 21.7
KKR & Co. KKR 4 96 88.7 -24.9 -27.0 14.0 28.1
Source: CFRA. *As of February 24, 2026.
Stocks provide an enhanced buying opportunity, in our opinion. Individual stocks are trading at a
significant discount to their five-year historical P/E multiple averages, with APO at a 31% discount, ARES
42%, BAM 19%, BX 39%, OWL 51%, and KKR 50%. This opportunity comes with organic AUM growth
averaging 15%-20% annually over the past five years (2021-2025). The equity risk premium reflects the
transparency and quality of the book, especially in private credit. The current investor sentiment is negative
following a repricing of risk after years of believing alternative funds could not fail and questioning the
investment fund framework.
There is a risk overhang on the private credit funds, where there is a gate (i.e., contractual limits to
quarterly redemptions to curb disruption to the fund’s investments). Most of the private funds have penalties
for early redemptions if allowed. We expect the private credit secondary sponsor market to accelerate in
2026 as limited partnership holdings change ownership, selling at large losses to their investment cost basis.
The current environment is likely to put a cloud on new fundraising for private credit funds in the U.S. market,
while Asia and Europe are less developed.
Education plays a critical role in expanding investor growth in private credit. The ALT industry needs to
provide more education on the varied private credit strategies that are offered in their funds. Some of these
credit strategies are very sensitive to economic and credit cycles, while other private credit funds are more
opportunistic and transaction specific. Wealth managers need more clarity so they can sort not only the
reputation risk of ALT firms but also the risk-reward in different funds offered. Education should fund
selection in varied credit strategies and target different industry sectors and geographies.
Thematic Research February 26, 2026 7

Risk Factors
Private credit faces many risks that range from their fund portfolio to investor redemptions. The broader
risks are a major downturn on the investment cycle, lower fundraising, poor fund performance results, and
difficulty valuing fund assets.
We think it is hard to always get it right given private credit operates in a complex regulatory and tax
environment that could restrict their business. A recession could hurt the operating fundamentals of the
corporate borrowers, thereby negatively affecting operating cash flow that supports credit payments.
A bear market could decrease the market value of debt instruments or investments held in private credit
funds or significantly reduce market liquidity. On redemptions, investors may downsize their investment
allocation to private credit funds or external events may compel institutions to rebalance their overall
investment portfolio. ALT firms may also have conflicts of interest in co-investing with limited partner
investors.
Company Implications
Company / Ticker 12-Month Target Price ($) STARS Rating
Apollo Global Management Inc. / APO 165 4
Ares Management Corporation / ARES 160 4
Blackstone Inc. / BX 185 5
Blue Owl Capital Inc. / OWL 20 4
Brookfield Asset Management Ltd. / BAM 60 4
KKR & Co. Inc. / KKR 130 4
Source: CFRA.
Relative Performance
30.00%
20.00%
10.00%
0.00%
-10.00%
-20.00%
-30.00%
-40.00%
-50.00%
-60.00%
Apollo Global Management, Inc. (NYSE:APO) - Share Pricing
Ares Management Corporation (NYSE:ARES) - Share Pricing
Brookfield Asset Management Ltd. (TSX:BAM) - Share Pricing
Blackstone Inc. (NYSE:BX) - Share Pricing
Blue Owl Capital Inc. (NYSE:OWL) - Share Pricing
KKR & Co. Inc. (NYSE:KKR) - Share Pricing
Source: CFRA, S&P Global Market Intelligence. Data from February 2025 to February 2026.
Thematic Research February 26, 2026 8

Contact CFRA
977 Seminole Trail, PMB 230
Charlottesville, VA 22901-2824
USA
P: +1-800-220-0502
cservices@cfraresearch.com
www.cfraresearch.com
Disclosures
Stocks are ranked in accordance with the following ranking methodologies:
STARS Stock Reports
Qualitative STARS recommendations are determined and assigned by equity analysts. For reports containing STARS recommendations
refer to the Glossary section of the report for detailed methodology and the definition of STARS rankings.
Quantitative Stock Reports
Quantitative recommendations are determined by ranking a universe of common stocks based on 5 measures or model categories:
Valuation, Quality, Growth, Street Sentiment, and Price Momentum. In the U.S., a sixth sub-category for Financial Health will also be
displayed. Percentile scores are used to compare each company to all other companies in the same universe for each model category.
The five (six) model category scores are then weighted and rolled up into a single percentile ranking for that company. For reports
containing quantitative recommendations refer to the Glossary section of the report for detailed methodology and the definition of
Quantitative rankings.
STARS Stock Reports and Quantitative Stock Reports
The methodologies used in STARS Stock Reports and Quantitative Stock Reports (collectively, the "Research Reports") reflect
different criteria, assumptions and analytical methods and may have differing recommendations. The methodologies and data used to
generate the different types of Research Reports are believed by the author and distributor reasonable and appropriate. Generally,
CFRA does not generate reports with different ranking methodologies for the same issuer. However, in the event that different
methodologies or data are used on the analysis of an issuer, the methodologies may lead to different views or recommendations on the
issuer, which may at times result in contradicting assessments of an issuer. CFRA reserves the right to alter, replace or vary models,
methodologies, or assumptions from time to time and without notice to clients.
Analyst Certification
STARS Stock Reports are prepared by the equity research analysts of CFRA and its affiliates and subsidiaries. All of the views
expressed in STARS Stock Reports accurately reflect the research analyst's personal views regarding any and all of the subject
securities or issuers. Analysts generally update stock reports at least four times each year. No part of analyst, CFRA, or its affiliates or
subsidiaries compensation was, is, or will be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views expressed in a
STARS Stock Report.
About CFRA Equity Research's Distributors
This Research Report is published and originally distributed by Accounting Research & Analytics, LLC d/b/a CFRA (“CFRA US”), with
the following exceptions: In the UK/EU/EEA, it is published and originally distributed by CFRA UK Limited (“CFRA UK”), which is
regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority (No. 775151), and in Malaysia by CFRA MY Sdn Bhd (Company No. 683377-A). These
parties and their subsidiaries maintain no responsibility for reports redistributed by third parties such as brokers or financial advisors.
General Disclosure
Notice to all jurisdictions:
Where Research Reports are made available in a language other than English and in the case of inconsistencies between the English
and translated versions of a Research Report, the English version will control and supersede any ambiguities associated with any part
or section of a Research Report that has been issued in a foreign language. Neither CFRA nor its affiliates guarantee the accuracy of
the translation. The content of this report and the opinions expressed herein are those of CFRA based upon publicly-available
information that CFRA believes to be reliable and the opinions are subject to change without notice. This analysis has not been
submitted to, nor received approval from, the United States Securities and Exchange Commission or any other regulatory body. While
CFRA exercised due care in compiling this analysis, CFRA AND ALL RELATED ENTITIES SPECIFICALLY DISCLAIM ALL
WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, to the full extent permitted by law, regarding the accuracy, completeness, or usefulness of this
information and assumes no liability with respect to the consequences of relying on this information for investment or other purposes.
No content (including ratings, credit-related analyses and data, valuations, model, software or other application or output therefrom) or
Thematic Research February 26, 2026 9

any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered, reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a
database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission of CFRA. The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. CFRA and any third-party providers, as well as their directors, officers, shareholders, employees, or agents do
not guarantee the accuracy, completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content.
Past performance is not necessarily indicative of future results.
This document may contain forward-looking statements or forecasts; such forecasts are not a reliable indicator of future performance.
This report is not intended to, and does not, constitute an offer or solicitation to buy and sell securities or engage in any investment
activity. This report is for informational purposes only. Recommendations in this report are not made with respect to any particular
investor or type of investor. Securities, financial instruments, or strategies mentioned herein may not be suitable for all investors and this
material is not intended for any specific investor and does not take into account an investor's particular investment objectives, financial
situations or needs. Before acting on any recommendation in this material, you should consider whether it is suitable for your particular
circumstances and, if necessary, seek professional advice.
CFRA may license certain intellectual property or provide services to, or otherwise have a business relationship with, certain issuers of
securities that are the subject of CFRA research reports, including exchange-traded investments whose investment objective is to
substantially replicate the returns of a proprietary index of CFRA. In cases where CFRA is paid fees that are tied to the amount of
assets invested in a fund or the volume of trading activity in a fund, investment in the fund may result in CFRA receiving compensation in
addition to the subscription fees or other compensation for services rendered by CFRA, however, no part of CFRA’s compensation for
services is tied to any recommendation or rating. Additional information on a subject company may be available upon request.
CFRA's financial data provider is S&P Global Market Intelligence. THIS DOCUMENT CONTAINS COPYRIGHTED AND TRADE SECRET
MATERIAL DISTRIBUTED UNDER LICENSE FROM S&P GLOBAL MARKET INTELLIGENCE. FOR RECIPIENT'S INTERNAL USE ONLY.
The Global Industry Classification Standard (GICS®) was developed by and/or is the exclusive property of MSCI, Inc. and S&P Global
Market Intelligence. GICS is a service mark of MSCI and S&P Global Market Intelligence and has been licensed for use by CFRA.
Other Disclaimers and Notice
Certain information in this report is provided by S&P Global, Inc. and/or its affiliates and subsidiaries (collectively “S&P Global”). Such
information is subject to the following disclaimers and notices: “Copyright © 2026, S&P Global Market Intelligence (and its affiliates as
applicable). All rights reserved. Nothing contained herein is investment advice and a reference to a particular investment or security, a
credit rating or any observation concerning a security or investment provided by S&P Global is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold
such investment or security or make any other investment decisions. This may contain information obtained from third parties, including
ratings from credit ratings agencies. Reproduction and distribution of S&P Global’s information and third party content in any form is
prohibited except with the prior written permission of S&P Global or the related third party, as applicable. Neither S&P Global nor its
third party providers guarantee the accuracy, completeness, timeliness or availability of any information, including ratings, and are not
responsible for any errors or omissions (negligent or otherwise), regardless of the cause, or for the results obtained from the use of
such information or content. S&P GLOBAL AND ITS THIRD PARTY CONTENT PROVIDERS GIVE NO EXPRESS OR IMPLIED
WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR
PURPOSE OR USE AND ALL S&P INFORMATION IS PROVIDED ON AN AS-IS BASIS. S&P GLOBAL AND ITS THIRD PARTY
CONTENT PROVIDERS SHALL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, EXEMPLARY, COMPENSATORY,
PUNITIVE, SPECIAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, COSTS, EXPENSES, LEGAL FEES, OR LOSSES (INCLUDING LOST INCOME
OR PROFITS AND OPPORTUNITY COSTS OR LOSSES CAUSED BY NEGLIGENCE) IN CONNECTION WITH ANY USE OF THEIR
INFORMATION OR CONTENT, INCLUDING RATINGS. Credit ratings are statements of opinions and are not statements of fact or
recommendations to purchase, hold or sell securities. They do not address the suitability of securities or the suitability of securities for
investment purposes, and should not be relied on as investment advice.”
Certain information in this report may be provided by Securities Evaluations, Inc. (“SE”), a wholly owned subsidiary of Intercontinental
Exchange. SE is a registered investment adviser with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). SE’s advisory
services include evaluated pricing and model valuation of fixed income securities, derivative valuations and Odd-Lot Pricing that
consists of bid- and ask-side evaluated prices for U.S. Municipal and U.S. Corporate Securities (together called valuation services). Such
information is subject to the following disclaimers and notices: “No content (including credit-related analyses and data, valuations,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission of
SE. The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or unauthorized purposes. SE and any third-party providers, as well as their
directors, officers, shareholders, employees or agents (collectively SE Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy, completeness, timeliness
or availability of the Content. SE Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions (negligent or otherwise), regardless of the
cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content, or for the security or maintenance of any data input by the user. The
Content is provided on an “as is” basis. SE PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT
NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM
FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS, THAT THE CONTENT’S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT
THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall SE Parties be liable to
any party for any direct, indirect, incidental, exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses,
legal fees, or losses (including, without limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in
Thematic Research February 26, 2026 10

connection with any use of the Content even if advised of the possibility of such damages. Credit-related and other analyses and
statements in the Content are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations
to purchase, hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions. SE assumes no obligation to update the Content following
publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the skill, judgment and experience of
the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other business decisions. SE’s opinions and
analyses do not address the suitability of any security. SE does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor. While SE has obtained
information from sources it believes to be reliable, SE does not perform an audit and undertakes no duty of due diligence or
independent verification of any information it receives. Valuations services are opinions and not statements of fact or recommendations
to purchase, hold or sell any security or instrument, or to make any investment decisions. The information provided as part of valuations
services should not be intended as an offer, promotion or solicitation for the purchase or sale of any security or other financial
instrument nor should it be considered investment advice. Valuations services do not address the suitability of any security or
instrument, and securities, financial instruments or strategies mentioned by SE may not be suitable for all investors. SE does not provide
legal, accounting or tax advice, and clients and potential clients of valuation services should consult with an attorney and/or a tax or
accounting professional regarding any specific legal, tax or accounting provision(s) applicable to their particular situations and in the
countries and jurisdictions where they do business. SE has redistribution relationships that reflect evaluated pricing, derivative valuation
and/or equity pricing services of other unaffiliated firms with which SE has contracted to distribute to its client base.
Pricing and data provided by these third-party firms are the responsibilities of those firms, and not SE, and are produced under those
firms' methodologies, policies and procedures. Valuations services provided by SE and products containing valuations services may not
be available in all countries or jurisdictions. Copyright © 2026 by Intercontinental Exchange Inc. All rights reserved.”
For residents of the European Union/European Economic Area
Research reports are originally distributed by CFRA UK Limited (company number 08456139 registered in England & Wales with its
registered office address at New Derwent House, 69-73 Theobalds Road, London, WC1X 8TA). CFRA UK Limited is regulated by the UK
Financial Conduct Authority (No. 775151).
For residents of Malaysia
Research reports are originally produced and distributed by CFRA MY Sdn Bhd (Company No. 683377-A).
For Residents of Singapore:
This Research Report is distributed by CFRA UK Limited to its clients in Singapore who hold a financial advisers licence or is a person
exempt from holding such licence (“SG Intermediary”). Recipients of this Research Report in Singapore should contact the SG
Intermediary in respect to any matters arising from, or in connection with, the analysis in this report. Where the recipient is not an
accredited, expert or institutional investor as defined by the Securities and Futures Act, the SG Intermediary accepts legal responsibility
for the contents of this Research Report in accordance with applicable law. When reports are distributed by SG Intermediaries in
Singapore, the SG Intermediary, and not CFRA, is solely responsible for ensuring that the recipients of the Research Reports
understand the information contained in the Research Reports and that such information is suitable based on the customer's profile and
investment objectives. This Research Report is intended for general circulation and no advice or recommendation is made herein or by
CFRA to any particular person. CFRA does not assume any responsibility to advise on whether any particular product is suitable for any
person, and the analysis herein does not take into account the specific investment objectives, financial situation or particular needs of
any particular person, and should not be relied upon for any investment decision.
For residents of all other countries
Research reports are originally distributed Accounting Research & Analytics, LLC d/b/a CFRA.
Copyright © 2026 CFRA. All rights reserved. CFRA and STARS are registered trademarks of CFRA.
Thematic Research February 26, 2026 11
